Parking and Directions | Pittsburgh Penguins Skip to Main Content Tickets Ticket Central Season Memberships 12-Packs Premium Seating Group Tickets Single Game Tickets Promotional Schedule Special Offers 3D Seat Map Team Roster In the System Penguins Hall of Fame Front Office Staff News Schedule Navigation Menu Video Scores Stats Community Community Community Initiatives Pittsburgh Penguins Foundation Mario Lemieux Foundation UPMC Healthcare Heroes Iceburgh Appearances Future Goals Hockey Scholar Locker Room Leadership Public Skate at UPMC66 50/50 Raffle PPS All-Stars Youth Hockey Fans Fans Fan Central Sign Up for Penguins Texts Sign up for Penguins Emails Download the Penguins App Contact Us Contest and Promotions Colorful Fans Book an Event Mobile Wallpapers FNB Power Play Package Players on Social Game Day Game Day Game Day Information Parking and Directions Birthday and Anniversary Greetings Fan Guides PPG Paints Arena Information Penguins Radio Network How to Watch Games Commemorative  Tickets Ice Crew NHL Fan Code of Conduct Hall of Fame Shop Shop PensGear Penguins Authentics NHL Shop NHL Auctions League Help NHL.com Ticket Central Season Memberships 12-Packs Premium Seating Group Tickets Single Game Tickets Special Offers 3D Seat Map For Pittsburgh Penguins home games and other PPG Paints Arena events, parking is available in the adjacent surface lots. All lots are cashless and pre-purchasing through ParkWhiz is STRONGLY encouraged: PPG Paints Arena's accessible dropoff is located on Fifth Avenue outside the EQT Gate. Fans with accessible parking placards are encouraged to pre-purchase parking in the Fullerton Lot on Centre Avenue. Accessible spaces are first come, first served. PPG Paints Arena's designated rideshare pickup and dropoff zone is located at the corner of Fullerton Street and Wylie Avenue. Please exit the building from the Highmark or F.N.B. Gate. Let Lyft be your ride to the action! As the Official Rideshare Partner of PPG Paints Arena, we're here to make getting to and from the event easy. New to Lyft? Use code PPGPAINTS for 50% off your first 2 rides (up to $10/ride). *Subject to Lyft Terms. Below are the surface lots surrounding PPG Paints Arena. Click the map to enlarge. The parking lots at PPG Paints Arena open two (2) hours prior to game time. Click here to view a map of other parking options in downtown Pittsburgh provided by the Pittsburgh Downtown Partnership. In addition to the above parking options, the U.S. Steel Plaza T Station (Sixth Avenue at Ross Street) is just blocks away from the EQT Gate and the Highmark Gate. There is no fare collection in the Steel Plaza Station. Passengers embarking at Steel Plaza may travel for free to any of the other stations in the free fare zone - First Avenue, Wood Street, Gateway Center, North Side, and Allegheny. Outbound passengers pay fares when disembarking. PPG Paints Arena Address 1001 Fifth Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15219 Map it! PPG Paints Arena Parking Garage Address 1300 Centre Ave Pittsburgh, PA 15219 412-804-3372 Official Hotel of the Pittsburgh Penguins The Landing Hotel 757 Casino Drive Pittsburgh, PA 15212 412-231-7777 Founding Partners X Instagram Facebook YouTube TikTok LinkedIn Privacy Policy Contact Us pittsburghpenguins.com is the official website of the Pittsburgh Penguins. The Pittsburgh Penguins and pittsburghpenguins.com are trademarks of Pittsburgh Penguins LP. NHL, the NHL Shield, the word mark and image of the Stanley Cup and the word mark NHL Winter Classic are registered trademarks and NHL Stadium Series name and logo and the NHL Winter Classic logo are trademarks of the National Hockey League. NHL and NHL team marks are the property of the NHL and its teams. © NHL 2025. All Rights Reserved. NHL.com Terms of Service NHL.com Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Cookie Settings Copyright Policy Employment Close