Events | Engage with CMU Skip to main content Utility Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Office Directory Actions Menu Visit Give Engage with CMU Main navigation Get Involved Get Involved Get Involved Alumni Association Networks Volunteer Mentorship Resources Students Events Events Events Spring Carnival Reunion Weekend Homecoming Weekend Alumni Awards Tartans on the Rise Online Events Give Give Give Giving Opportunities Ways to Give Gift Planning Donor Recognition Student Giving News & Stories News & Stories News & Stories Alumni Hall of Honor Impact of Giving About Advancement About Advancement About Advancement University Advancement Leadership Center for Business Engagement Foundation Relations Policies/Donor Bill of Rights Working in University Advancement Utility Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Office Directory Actions Menu Visit Give What can we help you find? Attend an Event Explore the Events Calendar Home / Events From treasured in-person Carnegie Mellon traditions to virtual learning experiences with researchers at the cutting edge of their fields, alumni can access a wide variety of CMU events to stay in touch with each other and the university, expand their knowledge and Tartan network, and make more cherished memories together. Learn more about upcoming in-person, virtual and hybrid events for alumni and make plans to join us soon. Signature Events Spring Carnival For more than 100 years, Spring Carnival has been one of the most anticipated weekends of the year. Tartans from around the world return to campus to carry on events like Booth, Buggy, MOBOT, Scotch’n’Soda performances and much more. Homecoming Weekend Each fall, the CMU community puts on their best Tartan for a weekend of family-friendly activities like the annual CMU Alumni Awards, campus tours, Buggy previews and the tailgate and football game. Reunion Weekend During Spring Carnival, Tartans celebrating their Reunion year join exclusive events, opportunities to connect — and reconnect — with peers and create new memories at CMU. Alumni Awards Each year, Carnegie Mellon honors a group of exceptional alumni who have made an impact on their industries, their communities, their alma mater and lives around the world at this special event during Homecoming Weekend. Tartans on the Rise Every year, we celebrate the recent alumni who are making an impact in their organizations and in their communities, across the nation and around the world through leadership, innovation and career achievements. Online Events Just as the reach of Carnegie Mellon extends around the globe, you can engage with the university and fellow Tartan alumni through a variety of online events from anywhere in the world. Presidential Tours President Farnam Jahanian visits different cities throughout the year to meet Tartans across the country and share Carnegie Mellon’s inspiring vision for the future. Faculty members share cutting-edge research and alumni have a chance to network with each other and university leadership. CMU125 Make plans to attend Homecoming Weekend, Nov. 6-8, to celebrate 125 years of Carnegie Mellon University. In addition to traditional festivities like Spirit Day and the football game, CMU125 at Homecoming Weekend features special events and opportunities for Tartans of all ages to celebrate this remarkable moment in CMU history. If you are interested in getting involved and hosting a virtual or in-person event, please complete this Volunteer Interest Form , and a staff partner will connect with you. Attend an Event Explore the CMU alumni calendar Update your information Make a gift Email the Alumni Association 5000 Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213 (412) 268-2000 About CMU Athletics Events Calendar Careers at CMU Maps, Parking & Transportation Health & Safety News Academics Majors Graduate Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission International Students Scholarship & Financial Aid Our Impact Centers & Institutes Business Engagement Global Locations Work That Matters Regional Impact Libraries Top Tools Office Directory Academic Calendar Bookstore Canvas The HUB Workday Back to top Copyright © 2025 Carnegie Mellon University Title IX Privacy Legal