Community | Pittsburgh Penguins | Pittsburgh Penguins Skip to Main Content Tickets Ticket Central Season Memberships 12-Packs Premium Seating Group Tickets Single Game Tickets Promotional Schedule Special Offers 3D Seat Map Team Roster In the System Penguins Hall of Fame Front Office Staff News Schedule Navigation Menu Video Scores Stats Community Community Community Initiatives Pittsburgh Penguins Foundation Mario Lemieux Foundation UPMC Healthcare Heroes Iceburgh Appearances Future Goals Hockey Scholar Locker Room Leadership Public Skate at UPMC66 50/50 Raffle PPS All-Stars Youth Hockey Fans Fans Fan Central Sign Up for Penguins Texts Sign up for Penguins Emails Download the Penguins App Contact Us Contest and Promotions Colorful Fans Book an Event Mobile Wallpapers FNB Power Play Package Players on Social Game Day Game Day Game Day Information Parking and Directions Birthday and Anniversary Greetings Fan Guides PPG Paints Arena Information Penguins Radio Network How to Watch Games Commemorative  Tickets Ice Crew NHL Fan Code of Conduct Hall of Fame Shop Shop PensGear Penguins Authentics NHL Shop NHL Auctions League Help NHL.com Since 2024, the Pavement Group and the Pittsburgh Penguins have partnered to create the Locker Room Leadership program! This program invited students in 9-12th grade to learn leadership skills from great leaders. Registration for the program is now closed. Check back for more information regarding the 25.26 season soon! Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Register Here 2025 Rules . Locker Room Leadership is a five-week program with weekly videos and assignments for students to follow along. Videos contained insight into different aspects of leadership, as well as first-hand stories and advice from local business leaders such as Amy Smiley from 84 Lumber , Ellen Rossi from the EQT Foundation , and Chris McComish from S&T Bank . Weekly assignments were submitted online, and the top-ranking assignments each week earned students tickets, autographed merchandise, Locker Room Leadership merch, and more! The top-performing student each week received a custom jersey! The top 25 students at the end of the program were invited to a pregame reception to network and hear from local leaders, as well as watch the Penguins take on the St. Louis Blues on March 13, 2025. The top student was announced at this reception, and they received a custom prize, including a VIP Penguins experience! 2025 Programming Below: January 27: First Period: Problem Solving February 3: Intermission: Ownership February 10: Second period: Emotional Resilience February 17: Intermission: Leading by Example February 24: Third Period: Personal Development Don't Miss Out Next Year! Sign up here to get notified when next year's registration opens! Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Get Notified Founding Partners X Instagram Facebook YouTube TikTok LinkedIn Privacy Policy Contact Us pittsburghpenguins.com is the official website of the Pittsburgh Penguins. The Pittsburgh Penguins and pittsburghpenguins.com are trademarks of Pittsburgh Penguins LP. NHL, the NHL Shield, the word mark and image of the Stanley Cup and the word mark NHL Winter Classic are registered trademarks and NHL Stadium Series name and logo and the NHL Winter Classic logo are trademarks of the National Hockey League. NHL and NHL team marks are the property of the NHL and its teams. © NHL 2025. All Rights Reserved. NHL.com Terms of Service NHL.com Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Cookie Settings Copyright Policy Employment Close