Season Tickets | Pittsburgh Penguins Skip to Main Content Tickets Ticket Central Season Memberships 12-Packs Premium Seating Group Tickets Single Game Tickets Promotional Schedule Special Offers 3D Seat Map Team Roster In the System Penguins Hall of Fame Front Office Staff News Schedule Navigation Menu Video Scores Stats Community Community Community Initiatives Pittsburgh Penguins Foundation Mario Lemieux Foundation UPMC Healthcare Heroes Iceburgh Appearances Future Goals Hockey Scholar Locker Room Leadership Public Skate at UPMC66 50/50 Raffle PPS All-Stars Youth Hockey Fans Fans Fan Central Sign Up for Penguins Texts Sign up for Penguins Emails Download the Penguins App Contact Us Contest and Promotions Colorful Fans Book an Event Mobile Wallpapers FNB Power Play Package Players on Social Game Day Game Day Game Day Information Parking and Directions Birthday and Anniversary Greetings Fan Guides PPG Paints Arena Information Penguins Radio Network How to Watch Games Commemorative  Tickets Ice Crew NHL Fan Code of Conduct Hall of Fame Shop Shop PensGear Penguins Authentics NHL Shop NHL Auctions League Help NHL.com Ticket Central Season Memberships 12-Packs Premium Seating Group Tickets Single Game Tickets Special Offers 3D Seat Map Interest Form 412.642.PENS Live Chat Interested in season memberships? Click below to be contacted by a Pittsburgh Penguins representative! Interest Form 2025.26 Season Membership Pricing Save off the gate price of tickets with season memberships! 2025.26 Half Season Memberships View the must-see matchups that make up the Half Season Plan A/B schedules. Friends and Family Discount Purchase additional tickets for friends and family at a discounted rate! Ticket Trade Program Unable to attend a game? Take advantage of our new Ticket Trade program! Black and Gold Premier Benefits Having season tickets has its perks! See a full list of season ticket holder experiences. Black and Gold Premier Marketplace Score items from this season's theme and community nights! Black and Gold Premier+ Full season members can download our loyalty app to earn points and redeem rewards! Season Membership FAQ Get answers to common questions about tickets, benefits, and game day logistics. Season Ticket Referral Program Share your passion for the Penguins with friends, family or coworkers and cash in with credit! Business Ticket Solutions Learn how the Penguins can assist your organization with its goals. Meet the Ticketing Team The Ticketing Department is here to help! Contact us with your comments and suggestions. Mobile Tickets Everything you need to know about accessing your tickets via a mobile device. Make the Most of Your Membership Discover 40 creative ways to get the most value from your tickets and maximize their impact. 3D Seat Map Find the perfect seats with our Virtual Venue! Season tickets are subject to the terms and conditions available at www.pittsburghpenguins.com/handbook Season ticket holders are reminded to keep their mailing address current! Address changes should be emailed to [email protected] . We also send important season ticket holder updates including ticket discounts and special invitations through email. Not currently receiving season ticket holder emails? Please call the Pittsburgh Penguins Ticketing Department at 412-642-PENS . Founding Partners X Instagram Facebook YouTube TikTok LinkedIn Privacy Policy Contact Us pittsburghpenguins.com is the official website of the Pittsburgh Penguins. The Pittsburgh Penguins and pittsburghpenguins.com are trademarks of Pittsburgh Penguins LP. NHL, the NHL Shield, the word mark and image of the Stanley Cup and the word mark NHL Winter Classic are registered trademarks and NHL Stadium Series name and logo and the NHL Winter Classic logo are trademarks of the National Hockey League. NHL and NHL team marks are the property of the NHL and its teams. © NHL 2025. All Rights Reserved. NHL.com Terms of Service NHL.com Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Cookie Settings Copyright Policy Employment Close