Pens Gear | Pittsburgh Penguins Skip to Main Content Tickets Ticket Central Season Memberships 12-Packs Premium Seating Group Tickets Single Game Tickets Promotional Schedule Special Offers 3D Seat Map Team Roster In the System Penguins Hall of Fame Front Office Staff News Schedule Navigation Menu Video Scores Stats Community Community Community Initiatives Pittsburgh Penguins Foundation Mario Lemieux Foundation UPMC Healthcare Heroes Iceburgh Appearances Future Goals Hockey Scholar Locker Room Leadership Public Skate at UPMC66 50/50 Raffle PPS All-Stars Youth Hockey Fans Fans Fan Central Sign Up for Penguins Texts Sign up for Penguins Emails Download the Penguins App Contact Us Contest and Promotions Colorful Fans Book an Event Mobile Wallpapers FNB Power Play Package Players on Social Game Day Game Day Game Day Information Parking and Directions Birthday and Anniversary Greetings Fan Guides PPG Paints Arena Information Penguins Radio Network How to Watch Games Commemorative  Tickets Ice Crew NHL Fan Code of Conduct Hall of Fame Shop Shop PensGear Penguins Authentics NHL Shop NHL Auctions League Help NHL.com Not able to stop at one of our locations? Click here to shop online. PPG Paints Arena Main Team Store 1001 Fifth Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15219 412.553.8553 The PensGear main team store in PPG Paints Arena is open Monday through Friday (10 AM - 3 PM) and during all Penguins home games. On weekday game days, the store will stay open until the lobby is cleared before doors open. The store is only open during game days on the weekends. Open store times will vary based on game time. The 4,000 square foot store is stocked with the latest Penguins merchandise featuring brands such as Adidas, New Era, 47 Brand, and more! Many items are designs exclusively for PensGear, making our stores a one-of-a-kind shopping experience. Other locations are open throughout the arena during games. The main team store is located inside the Highmark Gate entrance, which is along Centre Avenue near Epiphany Church and the intersection with Washington Place. For directions and parking information, click here . Monday 10:00 AM-3:00 PM Tuesday 10:00 AM-3:00 PM Wednesday 10:00 AM-3:00 PM Thursday 10:00 AM-3:00 PM Friday 10:00 AM-3:00 PM Saturday Game days only (varies based on game time) Sunday Game days only (varies based on game time) Day Time UPMC Lemieux Complex Store 8000 Cranberry Springs Drive Cranberry Township PA 16066 412.255.1845 The PensGear at UPMC Lemieux Sports Complex is open seven days a week throughout the regular season and offseason. The store is stocked with the latest Penguins merchandise featuring brands such as Adidas, Old Time Hockey, New Era, 47 Brand, GIII and Levelwear. Monday 11 AM-7 PM Tuesday 11 AM-7 PM Wednesday 11 AM-7 PM Thursday 11 AM-7 PM Friday 11 AM-7 PM Saturday 9 AM-5 PM Sunday 11 AM-4 PM Day Time Founding Partners X Instagram Facebook YouTube TikTok LinkedIn Privacy Policy Contact Us pittsburghpenguins.com is the official website of the Pittsburgh Penguins. The Pittsburgh Penguins and pittsburghpenguins.com are trademarks of Pittsburgh Penguins LP. NHL, the NHL Shield, the word mark and image of the Stanley Cup and the word mark NHL Winter Classic are registered trademarks and NHL Stadium Series name and logo and the NHL Winter Classic logo are trademarks of the National Hockey League. NHL and NHL team marks are the property of the NHL and its teams. © NHL 2025. All Rights Reserved. NHL.com Terms of Service NHL.com Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Cookie Settings Copyright Policy Employment Close