2026 NFL Draft | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 66 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Beyond Pittsburgh Transportation Group Tour Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Home 2026 NFL Draft Countdown to 2026 NFL Draft Pittsburgh IT'S YOUR TURN TO CLOCK IN! Want to attend the 2026 NFL Draft in style? Head to the official countdown clock on the Great Lawn outside of Acrisure Stadium and "clock in." Follow the steps below to be entered into a giveaway for a VIP 2026 NFL Draft Bundle , complete with tickets to exclusive events happening during the Draft, merch, and leisure tickets designed to help you explore Pittsburgh beyond the Draft. How to enter for a chance to be our Featured Fan and win a VIP 2026 NFL Draft Bundle: 📸 Take a photo or video with the clock - the more creative, the better! 📱 Post your photos and videos on social media with the hashtag #2026NFLDraft (don't forget to tag us and the Steelers !) 📣 Say or caption: "I'm clocking in! Your turn!" 🧑‍🤝‍🧑 Nominate three friends to do the same! Everyone who posts has the chance to be our monthly Featured Fan, and all Featured Fans will receive a swag bag, guaranteed to jumpstart your excitement for the NFL Draft in the Steel City. Be a Featured Fan! Welcome to Pittsburgh A city where mighty bridges stand for strength, progress and innovation. Where three rivers meet in a golden triangle forging a proud legacy of tenacity, grit and determination. Steel City. The City of Champions. Birthplace of Legends. Powered by heart and soul, Pittsburgh is a place where football is not just a sport, it's a way of life. It's the perfect place to host the NFL Draft. See you in the city where champions are born, see you in Pittsburgh on April 23-25, 2026! Plan Your Trip Things to Do A City of Multitudes Learn More Hotels & Resorts No trip to Pittsburgh is complete without a stay in one of our fantastic properties. Learn More Game Day Bars in Pittsburgh One of the best sports cities in the nation has some great sports bars to go… Learn More Neighborhoods ​Pittsburgh is not only defined by its skyline and its sports teams, but also by its… Learn More Restaurants & Culinary Global cuisine spanning 90 unique neighborhoods Learn More 2026 NFL Draft Fan Guide City of Champions The Burgh’s Black & Gold Learn More Steelers Nation, Here We Go! Learn More Pittsburgh: A Sports Destination Learn More Pittsburgh Sports Learn More Latest NFL Draft News 2026 NFL Draft Media Center Learn More Pittsburgh Organizing Committee See you in the city where champions are born, see you in Pittsburgh on April 23-25, 2026! Learn More Get Your Gear Get your 2026 NFL Draft gear from the Steelers Pro Shop. Learn More 2026 NFL Draft | OnePass Fill out the form and download NFL OnePass to be the first to know how to… Learn More Frequently Asked Questions Learn More Stay in Touch Interested in learning more about the 2026 NFL Draft? Sign up to be notified of the latest information. First Name Last Name Email I am interested in finding out more about: Volunteering opportunities General updates and news I would like  stay up to date on the latest events and happenings. Yes, sign me up for newsletters  from VisitPITTSBURGH and SportsPITTSBURGH reCAPTCHA Submit This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Plan Your Trip with the new Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Start Planning Contact Us Privacy Blog About Us 120 Fifth Avenue Fifth Avenue Place Suite 2800 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 (412) 281-7711 Toll Free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 Visit Pittsburgh. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map