Fans | Pittsburgh Penguins | Pittsburgh Penguins Skip to Main Content Tickets Ticket Central Season Memberships 12-Packs Premium Seating Group Tickets Single Game Tickets Promotional Schedule Special Offers 3D Seat Map Team Roster In the System Penguins Hall of Fame Front Office Staff News Schedule Navigation Menu Video Scores Stats Community Community Community Initiatives Pittsburgh Penguins Foundation Mario Lemieux Foundation UPMC Healthcare Heroes Iceburgh Appearances Future Goals Hockey Scholar Locker Room Leadership Public Skate at UPMC66 50/50 Raffle PPS All-Stars Youth Hockey Fans Fans Fan Central Sign Up for Penguins Texts Sign up for Penguins Emails Download the Penguins App Contact Us Contest and Promotions Colorful Fans Book an Event Mobile Wallpapers FNB Power Play Package Players on Social Game Day Game Day Game Day Information Parking and Directions Birthday and Anniversary Greetings Fan Guides PPG Paints Arena Information Penguins Radio Network How to Watch Games Commemorative  Tickets Ice Crew NHL Fan Code of Conduct Hall of Fame Shop Shop PensGear Penguins Authentics NHL Shop NHL Auctions League Help NHL.com Penguins fans always deserve the best! Their banking relationship should be no exception. Want the exclusive benefits that come with the Penguins Power Play Package? Click here . PensGear Discount Penguins Power Play Package card holders will receive a 15% discount at PensGear. Eligible at PPG Paints Arena andÂ CranberryÂ retail locations. Customer must show their Penguins card in order to receive the discount. Cannot be redeemed online. Some exclusions may apply (PensGear staff will notify shoppers of those exclusions). Single Game Ticket Discounts Penguins Power Play Package card holders receive the exclusive benefit to purchase discounted single game Penguins tickets. Fans can click below to purchase by entering their Penguins card information in order to redeem. Purchase Here Season Ticket Payment Benefit Penguins Power Play Package card holders will receive a gift, courtesy of First National Bank, when using their Penguins credit or debit card to pay for their Penguins season tickets. Penguins season ticket holders should contact the Penguins Ticketing Department if making a payment with the Penguins credit or debit card. For the 2025.26 season, fans redeeming will receive an authentic Penguins home jersey featuring the F.N.B. patch. The gift may change year over year, but value will be estimated at $200. This offer is active for season ticket purchases and renewals for the 2025.26 season. For questions related to Penguins Power Play Package benefits, including how to redeem, please contact the Penguins customer service team at [email protected] For questions related to your First National Bank checking account, call 1-800-555-5455 or visit your nearest FNB branch Founding Partners X Instagram Facebook YouTube TikTok LinkedIn Privacy Policy Contact Us pittsburghpenguins.com is the official website of the Pittsburgh Penguins. The Pittsburgh Penguins and pittsburghpenguins.com are trademarks of Pittsburgh Penguins LP. NHL, the NHL Shield, the word mark and image of the Stanley Cup and the word mark NHL Winter Classic are registered trademarks and NHL Stadium Series name and logo and the NHL Winter Classic logo are trademarks of the National Hockey League. NHL and NHL team marks are the property of the NHL and its teams. © NHL 2025. All Rights Reserved. NHL.com Terms of Service NHL.com Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Cookie Settings Copyright Policy Employment Close