Contests and Promotions | Pittsburgh Penguins Skip to Main Content Tickets Ticket Central Season Memberships 12-Packs Premium Seating Group Tickets Single Game Tickets Promotional Schedule Special Offers 3D Seat Map Team Roster In the System Penguins Hall of Fame Front Office Staff News Schedule Navigation Menu Video Scores Stats Community Community Community Initiatives Pittsburgh Penguins Foundation Mario Lemieux Foundation UPMC Healthcare Heroes Iceburgh Appearances Future Goals Hockey Scholar Locker Room Leadership Public Skate at UPMC66 50/50 Raffle PPS All-Stars Youth Hockey Fans Fans Fan Central Sign Up for Penguins Texts Sign up for Penguins Emails Download the Penguins App Contact Us Contest and Promotions Colorful Fans Book an Event Mobile Wallpapers FNB Power Play Package Players on Social Game Day Game Day Game Day Information Parking and Directions Birthday and Anniversary Greetings Fan Guides PPG Paints Arena Information Penguins Radio Network How to Watch Games Commemorative  Tickets Ice Crew NHL Fan Code of Conduct Hall of Fame Shop Shop PensGear Penguins Authentics NHL Shop NHL Auctions League Help NHL.com FREE Chocolate Chip Cookie at select locations FREE chocolate chip cookie with a purchase on a Penguins home game day. Offer available at these Pittsburgh locations: North Fayette, Cranberry, and Bethel Park. The Davey Tree Score for the Trees Program The Pittsburgh Penguins and Davey Tree have partnered to plant trees in the greater Pittsburgh area! Every goal scored by a Penguin on home ice adds a number to the tree counter. The two organizations will work with Tree Pittsburgh to plant the total number of trees in or around the city to help restore the urban forest in Pittsburgh. Learn More Eat'n Park Chili Goal! 7 Goals! Get a free cup of chili at participating Eat'n Park locations if the Penguins score 7 goals at home. Available the following day, starting at 11am. Guests must present mobile ticket in Google or Apple Wallet. One per check, valid for dine-in only with purchase. F.N.B. We're Behind Every Goal As a testament to its dedication to our local community, First National Bank has committed to donate $200 to the Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank for every goal the Penguins score in throughout 2024.25 season. Big Mac Attack If the Penguins score during the final five minutes of the 3rd period of any game during the 2025-26 NHL season, YOU win a Free Big Mac! Should the Penguins score, be sure to download your McDonald's app to receive a FREE Big MacÂ® with purchase. Offer is valid for three days following the game where the Penguins score on the Big Mac Attack. Learn More Morgan & Morgan Gives You More Bench Experience A chance to win an exclusive, premium experience for you and 3 guests courtesy of Morgan & Morgan! Winners will receive 4 F.N.B Club tickets to a 25-26 home Penguins game, 4 gift bags containing a Penguins autographed item, and the opportunity to watch the Penguins warm up right from the home bench! Enter Now Founding Partners X Instagram Facebook YouTube TikTok LinkedIn Privacy Policy Contact Us pittsburghpenguins.com is the official website of the Pittsburgh Penguins. The Pittsburgh Penguins and pittsburghpenguins.com are trademarks of Pittsburgh Penguins LP. NHL, the NHL Shield, the word mark and image of the Stanley Cup and the word mark NHL Winter Classic are registered trademarks and NHL Stadium Series name and logo and the NHL Winter Classic logo are trademarks of the National Hockey League. NHL and NHL team marks are the property of the NHL and its teams. © NHL 2025. All Rights Reserved. NHL.com Terms of Service NHL.com Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Cookie Settings Copyright Policy Employment Close