Fan Code of Conduct | Pittsburgh Penguins Skip to Main Content Tickets Ticket Central Season Memberships 12-Packs Premium Seating Group Tickets Single Game Tickets Promotional Schedule Special Offers 3D Seat Map Team Roster In the System Penguins Hall of Fame Front Office Staff News Schedule Navigation Menu Video Scores Stats Community Community Community Initiatives Pittsburgh Penguins Foundation Mario Lemieux Foundation UPMC Healthcare Heroes Iceburgh Appearances Future Goals Hockey Scholar Locker Room Leadership Public Skate at UPMC66 50/50 Raffle PPS All-Stars Youth Hockey Fans Fans Fan Central Sign Up for Penguins Texts Sign up for Penguins Emails Download the Penguins App Contact Us Contest and Promotions Colorful Fans Book an Event Mobile Wallpapers FNB Power Play Package Players on Social Game Day Game Day Game Day Information Parking and Directions Birthday and Anniversary Greetings Fan Guides PPG Paints Arena Information Penguins Radio Network How to Watch Games Commemorative  Tickets Ice Crew NHL Fan Code of Conduct Hall of Fame Shop Shop PensGear Penguins Authentics NHL Shop NHL Auctions League Help NHL.com Official NHL Fan Code of Conduct Policy The National Hockey League and its Member Clubs are committed to creating a safe and comfortable environment and enjoyable entertainment experience. NHL fans have a right to expect an environment in which they will be treated in a consistent, professional and courteous manner by all arena, team and National Hockey League personnel. The Players and Officials have the same rights. Accordingly, fans are responsible for their own conduct. The following standards have been established with respect to fan conduct: Fans are entitled to enjoy the hockey experience free from disruptive or inconsiderate behaviors or unruly actions. Fans may not interfere with the event and/or athletes in any manner. Fans shall refrain from using abusive language or obscene gestures. Fans may not engage in fighting, throwing objects or other behavior deemed detrimental to the experience of other guests and those who engage in any of these actions will immediately be ejected from the game. Fans are encouraged to report inappropriate behavior to arena staff. Fans who choose to consume alcohol must do so in a legal and responsible manner. Intervention with an intoxicated or impaired fan will be handled in a prompt and safe manner. Fans shall comply with requests from arena staff regarding arena operational and emergency procedures. Fans may not engage in unauthorized commercial activity while on arena property. Violation of the Fan Code of Conduct may result in eviction from the arena without a ticket refund. The NHL and its Member Clubs thank you for adhering to the provisions of the NHL Fan Code of Conduct. Founding Partners X Instagram Facebook YouTube TikTok LinkedIn Privacy Policy Contact Us pittsburghpenguins.com is the official website of the Pittsburgh Penguins. The Pittsburgh Penguins and pittsburghpenguins.com are trademarks of Pittsburgh Penguins LP. NHL, the NHL Shield, the word mark and image of the Stanley Cup and the word mark NHL Winter Classic are registered trademarks and NHL Stadium Series name and logo and the NHL Winter Classic logo are trademarks of the National Hockey League. NHL and NHL team marks are the property of the NHL and its teams. © NHL 2025. All Rights Reserved. NHL.com Terms of Service NHL.com Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Cookie Settings Copyright Policy Employment Close