About Carnegie Mellon | Carnegie Mellon University Skip to main content Utility Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Office Directory Actions Menu Visit Give Main navigation About About About Carnegie Mellon Leadership Vision, Mission & Values History Traditions Rankings & Awards Pittsburgh Global Locations Our Strategic Framework The Persistent Pursuit of Excellence As we celebrate our 125th year, we do so with a renewed sense of purpose. Guided by our strategic vision and driven by our shared values, we are confident that we will rise to meet this moment and continue to lead with distinction in the decades to come. Academics Academics Academics at CMU Majors & Programs Graduate Programs Interdisciplinary Programs Online Education Continuing Education Academic Calendar Pre-College Programs Learning for a Lifetime Top 20 University in the United States Earning a place among the top 20 universities in the United States , Carnegie Mellon ranks No. 1 in seven undergraduate programs, including analytics and programming languages, artificial intelligence, cybersecurity, information systems, mobile/web applications and software engineering. Admission Admission Admission at CMU Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Access & Affordability 2025 Fulbright Recipients Carnegie Mellon University’s dedication to global engagement continues with seven members of its community accepting Fulbright grants for the 2025-26 academic year. Campus Life Campus Life Campus Life at CMU Student Activities Living In Pittsburgh Student Affairs Living on Campus Athletics CMU125 This 125th anniversary year is a celebration of the milestone moments of the university’s history to date, as well as what CMU will make possible in its next 125 years. Research Research Research & Creativity at CMU Centers & Institutes Undergraduate Research AI Research at CMU Scholars Libraries Work That Matters From improving health outcomes and enhancing education, to strengthening national security and advancing trustworthy artificial intelligence, our work makes life better for people everywhere. We ask bold questions, solve complex problems and make real change. Utility Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Office Directory Actions Menu Visit Give What can we help you find? Popular Searches Undergraduate Admissions Career Center Majors and Programs Work That Matters Cancer Research Pulitzer Prize About Carnegie Mellon Home / About Carnegie Mellon Don’t Envision the Future, Invent It Every Day At Carnegie Mellon University, academic and research excellence isn't just what we strive for — it's the uncompromising standard. Our entrepreneurial spirit means no pursuit is too complex, and no question is too unconventional to explore. Whether pioneering groundbreaking brain research, creating visionary art that challenges perspectives or developing next-generation technologies like self-driving cars, we go all in on big ideas that move the world forward. See how we transform bold ideas into extraordinary impact that changes everything. CMU Stands Apart # 1 Best Undergraduate Software Engineering Program U.S. News & World Report # 5 Best Graduate Engineering School U.S. News & World Report # 7 World’s Top Drama School The Hollywood Reporter View All Our Rankings & Awards Who We Are and What We Do CMU fosters a community of fearless trailblazers united by a shared passion for innovation and excellence. Learn about our strategic partnerships and global presence. Vision, Mission and Values Explore CMU’s key initiatives and values, from our strategic plan to diversity. Learn more about our history and what makes us SO CMU. Leadership Meet our Board of Trustees, president, senior administration members and deans. Our Regional Impact Explore our partnerships with Pittsburgh and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to create lasting economic and community change. CMU Locations Carnegie Mellon is a university without borders, with campuses in Pittsburgh, Silicon Valley, Qatar and Africa. Our collaborative efforts empower researchers in solving global issues. CMU Population by the Numbers 16,335 + students representing 126+ countries 1,586 + faculty representing 63+ countries 127,691 + alumni representing 150+ countries View CMU Fact Sheet (PDF) The Latest at CMU Jun 05, 2025 Kirsten Martin Appointed the H. John Heinz III Dean of the Heinz College of Information Systems and Public Policy May 29, 2025 Gary Edwin Robinson Selected as 2025 Excellence in Theatre Education Award Winner May 28, 2025 CMU Researchers Build Personalized Models To Advance Precision Cancer Care May 19, 2025 Women's Golf National Runner-Up at 2025 Division III NCAA Championship May 16, 2025 CMU Joins New $80M Neuroscience Initiative May 14, 2025 Meena Sundrum Wins 2025 Gretchen Goldsmith Lankford Award 5000 Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213 (412) 268-2000 About CMU Athletics Events Calendar Careers at CMU Maps, Parking & Transportation Health & Safety News Academics Majors Graduate Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission International Students Scholarship & Financial Aid Our Impact Centers & Institutes Business Engagement Global Locations Work That Matters Regional Impact Libraries Top Tools Office Directory Academic Calendar Bookstore Canvas The HUB Workday Back to top Copyright © 2025 Carnegie Mellon University Title IX Privacy Legal