Visit Pittsburgh | Official Tourism Site for Pittsburgh, PA Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 72 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Beyond Pittsburgh Transportation Group Tour Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Pittsburgh Will Surprise You Kick off your fall season with pumpkin spice and everything nice in our city of multitudes Move over summer, because fall is finally here. Enjoy Pittsburgh's plethora of fall festivals , visit a local coffee shop for some pumpkin spice beverages, and head to a pumpkin patch or apple orchard to kick off the start of the season. Get ready for an unforgettable September in the city! The summer has simmered down, and Pittsburgh is ready to make you fall in love with fall all over again. Hope you have your Terrible Towels ready: the Pittsburgh Steelers kick off the regular season on Sept. 7, with the home opener at Acrisure Stadium on Sept. 14. While you're at the stadium, head to the Great Lawn and snap a photo with the official 2026 NFL Draft Countdown Clock for a chance to win a VIP experience at the Draft (see details below on how to enter). But don't just go to the game while you're in town. Pittsburgh's North Shore and North Side are delights in the fall. Grab a brew and some great food at one of the many businesses right between Acrisure Stadium and PNC Park , or take a stroll and enjoy the leaves falling in Allegheny Commons Park, right off of the Mexican War Streets and within easy walking distance from The Mattress Factory and Randyland. If you're looking to get away from the hustle and bustle of the city, Four Chord Music Festival is celebrating its 11th year of punk rock with its biggest lineup and biggest festival to date. Pre-show festivities start on Sept. 12 at Preserving in New Kensington, with the festival itself taking over EQT Park in Washington on Sept. 13 and 14. And the fun doesn't stop there! Oktoberfests are popping up around the city this fall. Penn Brewery is hosting its Oktoberfest Sept. 19-21 and 26-28 at Penn's North Side location. Enjoy fresh beer, German food, and live oompah music with no cover charge (although VIP packages are available for purchase.) If you want your Oktoberfest to come with a side of running, Hazelwood Brewhouse is holding its Oktoberfest Beer Run on Sept. 20. Lace up your running shoes and upt on your leiderhosen for the 5k-ish course that starts and ends at the historical brewhouse in Hazelwood. A locally-made craft beverage will be waiting for you at the finish line. So, whether you’re a local or just visiting, September is packed with exciting events and things to do in Pittsburgh. Don’t miss out on fall in the city! Clock in for a chance to win a VIP 2026 NFL Draft Bundle! The 2026 NFL Draft is just around the corner, and we're more than ready to welcome thousands of football fans to the celebration. If you want to attend the Draft in style, head to the Countdown Clock on the North Shore and snap your photos and videos to be entered to win a VIP 2026 NFL Draft VIP Bundle, complete with merch, exclusive events, and leisure tickets designed to help you explore Pittsburgh beyond the Draft. Click here to learn how to enter . The Pick is In! Pittsburgh will host the NFL Draft in 2026. Partnered with the Pittsburgh Steelers, Pittsburgh has officially been selected to host the NFL Draft… Learn More Lonely Planet’s 2025 Global Best in Travel Pittsburgh was featured on the Top 10 Cities list, the ONLY U.S. city selected! Find out More! Celebrate America’s 250th America's 250th marks the 250th anniversary of the signing of the Declaration of Independence on… Learn More The Hype is Real: The Pittsburgh Scoop is Here! Plan Your Trip Family Fun Learn More Arts & Culture Pittsburgh is a city of eclectic cultures, communities and neighborhoods that help create the vibrant arts… Learn More Restaurants & Culinary Global cuisine spanning 90 unique neighborhoods Learn More Annual Events The signature events that make Pittsburgh a destination every year Learn More Pittsburgh Sports In Pittsburgh, we bleed black and gold. Learn More Share Your Story On Social #lovePGH Bringing the Community Together VisitPITTSBURGH, along with our network of community partners, has worked to craft a 10-Year Tourism Development Plan that establishes the foundation for a more impactful and prosperous tourism ecosystem. Learn More Plan Your Trip with the new Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Start Planning Contact Us Privacy Blog About Us 120 Fifth Avenue Fifth Avenue Place Suite 2800 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 (412) 281-7711 Toll Free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 Visit Pittsburgh. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map