Pittsburgh Penguins Hall of Fame | Pittsburgh Penguins Skip to Main Content Tickets Ticket Central Season Memberships 12-Packs Premium Seating Group Tickets Single Game Tickets Promotional Schedule Special Offers 3D Seat Map Team Roster In the System Penguins Hall of Fame Front Office Staff News Schedule Navigation Menu Video Scores Stats Community Community Community Initiatives Pittsburgh Penguins Foundation Mario Lemieux Foundation UPMC Healthcare Heroes Iceburgh Appearances Future Goals Hockey Scholar Locker Room Leadership Public Skate at UPMC66 50/50 Raffle PPS All-Stars Youth Hockey Fans Fans Fan Central Sign Up for Penguins Texts Sign up for Penguins Emails Download the Penguins App Contact Us Contest and Promotions Colorful Fans Book an Event Mobile Wallpapers FNB Power Play Package Players on Social Game Day Game Day Game Day Information Parking and Directions Birthday and Anniversary Greetings Fan Guides PPG Paints Arena Information Penguins Radio Network How to Watch Games Commemorative  Tickets Ice Crew NHL Fan Code of Conduct Hall of Fame Shop Shop PensGear Penguins Authentics NHL Shop NHL Auctions League Help NHL.com Explore the Hall of Fame Pittsburgh Penguins Hall of Fame HOF Induction Ceremony 10.25.25 Incoming Class Current Inductees The Pittsburgh Penguins plan to celebrate the players and builders who have helped transform the club into one of the National Hockey League's elite franchises over the past 58 seasons by relaunching the team's Hall of Fame during the 2025-26 season. The original Penguins Hall of Fame ran intermittently between the inaugural 1992 class and the most-recent induction in 2013. The Pittsburgh Penguins announced the first 10 players and builders that have been elected into their relaunched Hall of Fame. These 10 individuals will have their induction ceremonies spread throughout the next three seasons. Scotty Bowman Ron Francis Eddie Johnston Kevin Stevens Tom Barrasso Jaromir Jagr Chris Kunitz Larry Murphy Jim Rutherford Ray Shero Syl Apps Les Binkley Dave Burrows Paul Coffey Rick Kehoe Mario Lemieux Joe Mullen Jean Pronovost Mark Recchi Ulf Samuelsson "Badger" Bob Johnson Craig Patrick Jack Riley Dr. Charles Burke A.T. Caggiano Edward J. DeBartolo Sr. Elaine Heufelder Mike Lange Vince Lascheid Frank Scuilli Previous Previous / fullscreen The Pittsburgh Penguins Hall of Fame is selected by a voting committee that currently includes 21 members. This group is comprised of former players, coaches, general managers, broadcasters and club employees, who are joined by members of the local television, radio and print media, all of whom cover the team on a regular basis. Among the criteria that voters must weigh for Penguins Hall of Fame player candidates are career statistics, playoff performance, longevity and consistency, legacy and off-ice impact, team contributions and league/team awards and recognition. The lone eligibility requirement is that players must be retired for one season before they become eligible for election. For builders, the criteria for consideration are longevity, regular-season success relative to their peers, playoff success, legacy and off-ice impact, and whether the builder helped the team win the Stanley Cup during their tenure. Phil Bourque Jen Bullano Jay Caufield Michelle Crechiolo Wes Crosby Bob Grove Jenna Harner Dejan Kovacevic Mark Madden Ryan Malone Tom McMillan Dave Molinari Craig Patrick Bob Pompeani Seth Rorabaugh Rob Rossi Jason Spezza Joe Starkey Andrew Stockey Paul Steigerwald Matt Vensel Founding Partners X Instagram Facebook YouTube TikTok LinkedIn Privacy Policy Contact Us pittsburghpenguins.com is the official website of the Pittsburgh Penguins. The Pittsburgh Penguins and pittsburghpenguins.com are trademarks of Pittsburgh Penguins LP. NHL, the NHL Shield, the word mark and image of the Stanley Cup and the word mark NHL Winter Classic are registered trademarks and NHL Stadium Series name and logo and the NHL Winter Classic logo are trademarks of the National Hockey League. NHL and NHL team marks are the property of the NHL and its teams. © NHL 2025. All Rights Reserved. NHL.com Terms of Service NHL.com Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Cookie Settings Copyright Policy Employment Close