Iceburgh Appearances | Pittsburgh Penguins Skip to Main Content Tickets Ticket Central Season Memberships 12-Packs Premium Seating Group Tickets Single Game Tickets Promotional Schedule Special Offers 3D Seat Map Team Roster In the System Penguins Hall of Fame Front Office Staff News Schedule Navigation Menu Video Scores Stats Community Community Community Initiatives Pittsburgh Penguins Foundation Mario Lemieux Foundation UPMC Healthcare Heroes Iceburgh Appearances Future Goals Hockey Scholar Locker Room Leadership Public Skate at UPMC66 50/50 Raffle PPS All-Stars Youth Hockey Fans Fans Fan Central Sign Up for Penguins Texts Sign up for Penguins Emails Download the Penguins App Contact Us Contest and Promotions Colorful Fans Book an Event Mobile Wallpapers FNB Power Play Package Players on Social Game Day Game Day Game Day Information Parking and Directions Birthday and Anniversary Greetings Fan Guides PPG Paints Arena Information Penguins Radio Network How to Watch Games Commemorative  Tickets Ice Crew NHL Fan Code of Conduct Hall of Fame Shop Shop PensGear Penguins Authentics NHL Shop NHL Auctions League Help NHL.com Iceburgh, the official mascot of the Pittsburgh Penguins, has been entertaining hockey fans worldwide since 1992. As one of the Penguins' most popular ambassadors, not to mention one of the NHL's most beloved mascots, you can find Iceburgh leading cheers and dancing in the aisles at every Penguins home game, attending major hockey events around the world, visiting local schools, or just spending time at local hospitals and community events. There's no doubt about it, Iceburgh is one busy Penguin! Iceburgh Appearance Request: To request an Iceburgh appearance for your upcoming public or private event, click the link below and complete the online form in its entirety. Please know Iceburgh's popularity and scheduling demands sometimes cause an availability conflict, but he'll always do his best to fulfill your request. Important details: Iceburgh's standard appearance format is 1 hour for a set fee of $250.00. Be sure to ask about possible reduced rates for nationally-chartered 501(c)(3) non-profit charities, places of worship, and events that meet eligibility requirements! Be sure to submit your request at least six (6) weeks prior to the event date. Your request does not guarantee an appearance nor constitute a contract. Appearances are usually confirmed 2-3 weeks prior to the event date. Unfortunately, Iceburgh is not available on Penguins gamedays. Travel cost (ie mileage, parking, airfare) reimbursement is required for events outside 10 miles from PPG Paints Arena. Costs, if applicable, will be reviewed in advance and added at time of final billing. Click to Request Iceburgh at Your Event! Founding Partners X Instagram Facebook YouTube TikTok LinkedIn Privacy Policy Contact Us pittsburghpenguins.com is the official website of the Pittsburgh Penguins. The Pittsburgh Penguins and pittsburghpenguins.com are trademarks of Pittsburgh Penguins LP. NHL, the NHL Shield, the word mark and image of the Stanley Cup and the word mark NHL Winter Classic are registered trademarks and NHL Stadium Series name and logo and the NHL Winter Classic logo are trademarks of the National Hockey League. NHL and NHL team marks are the property of the NHL and its teams. © NHL 2025. All Rights Reserved. NHL.com Terms of Service NHL.com Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Cookie Settings Copyright Policy Employment Close