Clayton Guided Tours | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens Toggle navigation Blog Collection Equity Membership Rentals Café Shop Donate Plan Your Visit Visit Hours & Admission Today at the Frick Directions & Transit Site Map Accessibility Tours Group Visits Field Trips Explore The Frick Plan Your Visit See and Do See and Do The Frick Grounds Today at the Frick Programs and Events Events By Age Group Make the most of your visit Plan Ahead Calendar Learn Learn For Educators Family Programs Workshops Adult Programs Summer Camps Outreach Explore from anywhere Virtual Museum Exhibitions Exhibitions Current Exhibitions Upcoming Exhibitions Past Exhibitions Virtual Exhibitions Now On View The Scandinavian Home Support Membership The Frick Societies Reciprocal Museums Member Portal Donate Legacy Planning Gifts of Stock Qualified Charitable Distributions Corporate Giving EITC Our Supporters Home Calendar Signature Clayton Tour Experience: Gilded, Not Golden Signature Clayton Tour Experience: Gilded, Not Golden Event information September 30, 2025 10:15 AM - 3:00 PM Location Check in at the Grable Visitor Center Description: Tours run Tuesdays through Sundays Times: 10:15 a.m. through 3:00* p.m. Duration: 75 minutes Suggested Ages: Most appropriate for ages 9 and up Immerse yourself in 1892, a pivotal year for our nation, Pittsburgh, and the Frick family. * Times may vary, please click here to check tour time availability Members are encouraged to call the Members Hotline at 412-342-4086 Schedule a Tour Tours run Tuesdays through Sundays About the Tour Just announced! Gilded, Not Golden , the newly reinterpreted tour of Clayton, won a 2024 Leadership in History Award from the American Association for State and Local History . Look beneath the “gilded” surface of the late 19th century to reveal the era's more complicated truths. Discover Pittsburgh’s influence as an industrial powerhouse through a shared dialogue about the ongoing legacies of the Gilded Age. "The tour guide did an excellent job of explaining the house details, decorative arts, family history & Gilded Age, in general. I particularly liked how history of the working class was woven in as a counterpoint to the lavish lifestyle of the wealthy." - Claire L. The Gilded Age was an era not only of immense wealth and progress, but also rapid industrialization, unprecedented immigration, and labor strife. Explore this pivotal time in our nation’s history at Clayton, the only remaining fully preserved Gilded Age mansion in Pittsburgh. Join your guide and other visitors for a conversational experience that shares the stories of the Frick family and other Pittsburghers, and considers how the legacy of the Gilded Age continues to affect us today. MORE ABOUT THE TOUR Content advisory: 1892 was a tumultuous year for the Frick family and the Pittsburgh steel industry. For this reason, tours of Clayton deal with potentially challenging subject matter, including discussions of violence, grief, and child loss. SCHEDULE A TOUR Members are encouraged to call the Members Hotline at 412-342-4086 Cost: Free for members $22 for non-members $20 for Seniors aged 65+, post-secondary Students, Veteran/Active Military/National Guard/Reserves, people with disabilities (ADA), pre-K-12 Teachers, First Responders $15 for youth 17 and under $2 for Museums for All (SNAP benefits recipients) with Electronic Benefit Transfer (EBT) card Free for babies held in arms Free for Corporate Partners, Reciprocal Museum Members (NARM/ROAM) Plan Your Visit: Clayton tours include the first and second floors. The first floor of the house is wheelchair accessible. Click for more information about accessibility . All Clayton tours begin at the Grable Visitor Center. Advance reservations are highly recommended. Group tours are available for groups of 11 or more. Learn more about reserving group tours. See & Do Related Events Sep 30 Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick September 30, 2025 8:00 AM - 8:00 PM Duquesne students bring the sights and sounds of Frick history to life in multisensory installation Sep 30 Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle September 30, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM Explore abstract sculptures by a Atticus Adams in the Frick Pittsburgh's vibrant, flora-filled histo... Sep 30 The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore September 30, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM From Sept 27, 2025 - Jan 11, 2026, escape to the magical, mythical lands of Scandinavia with The Sca... Previous Event: The Frick Art Museum Next Event: Guided Exhibition Tours of The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore Keep up to date with news and events from The Frick Pittsburgh newsletter. The Frick Pittsburgh 7227 Reynolds St. Pittsburgh, PA 15208 Hours: Monday: Closed Tuesday-Sunday: Gardens and grounds open 8 AM-8PM View detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org Contact Media Inquiries Employment Rentals Partnership Programs Membership About Our Mission Annual Report & Strategic Plan Board of Trustees Trustee Portal Member Portal Leadership Accessibility Inclusion Land Acknowledgement Press Releases Photo Policy Trustee Login The Frick legacy The Frick Family Historic Home & Gardens Copyright 2018 | The Frick Pittsburgh | Website by Blue Archer × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!