Clayton Preservation Tour | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens Toggle navigation Blog Collection Equity Membership Rentals Café Shop Donate Plan Your Visit Visit Hours & Admission Today at the Frick Directions & Transit Site Map Accessibility Tours Group Visits Field Trips Explore The Frick Plan Your Visit See and Do See and Do The Frick Grounds Today at the Frick Programs and Events Events By Age Group Make the most of your visit Plan Ahead Calendar Learn Learn For Educators Family Programs Workshops Adult Programs Summer Camps Outreach Explore from anywhere Virtual Museum Exhibitions Exhibitions Current Exhibitions Upcoming Exhibitions Past Exhibitions Virtual Exhibitions Now On View The Scandinavian Home Support Membership The Frick Societies Reciprocal Museums Member Portal Donate Legacy Planning Gifts of Stock Qualified Charitable Distributions Corporate Giving EITC Our Supporters Home Calendar Clayton Preservation Tour Clayton Preservation Tour Event information October 3, 2025 10:45 AM - 1:45 PM Location Check in at the Grable Visitor Center Description: Tours run Fridays and Saturdays Times: 10:45 am and 12:45 pm Duration: 60 minutes Explore Clayton's evolution from a family home to a public museum. Members are encouraged to call the Members Hotline at 412-342-4086 Schedule a Tour Tours run Fridays and Saturdays Clayton, the historic home of Henry Clay Frick, is the only remaining fully preserved Gilded Age mansion in Pittsburgh. The home underwent an extensive restoration in the late 1980s, aided in large part by the Frick family's comprehensive collection of documents and records. But why doesn't the kitchen have its original stove? How did painted exterior brick lead to interior water damage? And since houses change over time, who decides what version to restore? Explore those questions, and many others, on the Preservation Tour, as you trace the house's evolution from a family home to a public museum. Examine previous restoration projects and ongoing efforts to preserve Clayton for the future — including before and after views of the home's current exterior preservation work. These special tours are part of a specific fundraising campaign focused on raising funds for the care and conservation of Clayton for future generations. Because of that, the ticket price is considered a donation and is fully tax deductible. All ticket buyers will receive a letter confirming that the cost of their tickets can be used as part of their itemized deductions. Learn More About The Clayton Preservation Project Thank you for helping us to preserve this important historic landmark! SCHEDULE A TOUR Members are encouraged to call the Members Hotline at 412-342-4086 Cost: Free for members of The Frick Societies $15 for members $20 for non-members $18 for Seniors aged 65+, post-secondary Students, Veteran/Active Military/National Guard/Reserves, people with disabilities (ADA), pre-K-12 Teachers, First Responders $12 for youth 17 and under $2 for Museums for All (SNAP benefits recipients) with Electronic Benefit Transfer (EBT) card Free for babies held in arms Free for Corporate Partners Plan Your Visit: Clayton tours include the first and second floors. The first floor of the house is wheelchair accessible. Click for more information about accessibility . All Clayton tours begin at the Grable Visitor Center. Advance reservations are highly recommended. Group tours are available for groups of 11 or more. Learn more about reserving group tours. See & Do Related Events Sep 30 Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick September 30, 2025 8:00 AM - 8:00 PM Duquesne students bring the sights and sounds of Frick history to life in multisensory installation Sep 30 Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle September 30, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM Explore abstract sculptures by a Atticus Adams in the Frick Pittsburgh's vibrant, flora-filled histo... Sep 30 The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore September 30, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM From Sept 27, 2025 - Jan 11, 2026, escape to the magical, mythical lands of Scandinavia with The Sca... Previous Event: Family Mornings in The Scandinavian Home Next Event: Car and Carriage Museum Guided Tour | 1 p.m. Keep up to date with news and events from The Frick Pittsburgh newsletter. The Frick Pittsburgh 7227 Reynolds St. Pittsburgh, PA 15208 Hours: Monday: Closed Tuesday-Sunday: Gardens and grounds open 8 AM-8PM View detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org Contact Media Inquiries Employment Rentals Partnership Programs Membership About Our Mission Annual Report & Strategic Plan Board of Trustees Trustee Portal Member Portal Leadership Accessibility Inclusion Land Acknowledgement Press Releases Photo Policy Trustee Login The Frick legacy The Frick Family Historic Home & Gardens Copyright 2018 | The Frick Pittsburgh | Website by Blue Archer × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!