Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens Toggle navigation Blog Collection Equity Membership Rentals Café Shop Donate Plan Your Visit Visit Hours & Admission Today at the Frick Directions & Transit Site Map Accessibility Tours Group Visits Field Trips Explore The Frick Plan Your Visit See and Do See and Do The Frick Grounds Today at the Frick Programs and Events Events By Age Group Make the most of your visit Plan Ahead Calendar Learn Learn For Educators Family Programs Workshops Adult Programs Summer Camps Outreach Explore from anywhere Virtual Museum Exhibitions Exhibitions Current Exhibitions Upcoming Exhibitions Past Exhibitions Virtual Exhibitions Now On View The Scandinavian Home Support Membership The Frick Societies Reciprocal Museums Member Portal Donate Legacy Planning Gifts of Stock Qualified Charitable Distributions Corporate Giving EITC Our Supporters Home Exhibitions Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle Explore abstract sculptures by Pittsburgh-based artist Atticus Adams in "Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle." Adams’ artworks — most made from metal mesh and wire — hang from the windows and ceilings of The Frick Pittsburgh's historic greenhouse, adding a whimsical touch to the vibrant, flora-filled oasis. The exhibition includes never before seen works as well as a site-specific sculpture inspired by the Frick’s history, collections, and founder, Helen Clay Frick. About the Artist Raised in West Virginia and currently residing in Pittsburgh, Atticus Adams considers his work Neo-Appalachian folk art, and much of it is inspired by his youth. His work has been displayed at the Carnegie Museum of Art, the Mattress Factory and The Westmoreland Museum of American Art. In 2018, he was named Artist of the Year by the Pittsburgh Center for the Arts. Learn more at atticusadams.com Program Information Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle Dates: May 23, 2025 - June 7, 2026 Location: The Frick Pittsburgh Greenhouse Admission: Free and open to all 9 AM-5 PM, Tuesday through Sunday. Share this event series: Gallery Installation View Installation View Installation View Installation View Installation View Installation View Installation View Installation View Installation View Installation View It's free to visit The Frick Pittsburgh. Plan your visit Keep up to date with news and events from The Frick Pittsburgh newsletter. The Frick Pittsburgh 7227 Reynolds St. Pittsburgh, PA 15208 Hours: Monday: Closed Tuesday-Sunday: Gardens and grounds open 8 AM-8PM View detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org Contact Media Inquiries Employment Rentals Partnership Programs Membership About Our Mission Annual Report & Strategic Plan Board of Trustees Trustee Portal Member Portal Leadership Accessibility Inclusion Land Acknowledgement Press Releases Photo Policy Trustee Login The Frick legacy The Frick Family Historic Home & Gardens Copyright 2018 | The Frick Pittsburgh | Website by Blue Archer × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!