Photography Policies | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens Toggle navigation Blog Collection Equity Membership Rentals Café Shop Donate Plan Your Visit Visit Hours & Admission Today at the Frick Directions & Transit Site Map Accessibility Tours Group Visits Field Trips Explore The Frick Plan Your Visit See and Do See and Do The Frick Grounds Today at the Frick Programs and Events Events By Age Group Make the most of your visit Plan Ahead Calendar Learn Learn For Educators Family Programs Workshops Adult Programs Summer Camps Outreach Explore from anywhere Virtual Museum Exhibitions Exhibitions Current Exhibitions Upcoming Exhibitions Past Exhibitions Virtual Exhibitions Now On View The Scandinavian Home Support Membership The Frick Societies Reciprocal Museums Member Portal Donate Legacy Planning Gifts of Stock Qualified Charitable Distributions Corporate Giving EITC Our Supporters Tickets Home Photography-Policy Photography Policies Visitor Photography Policy We encourage visitors to capture and share photography for non-commercial, personal use under the following guidelines: Only photography with hand-held devices (phones, hand-held cameras, tablets) is permitted No flash is permitted Use of tripods or other stationary camera equipment is not permitted at any time Photography is permitted in the permanent collection galleries of the Frick Art Museum and Car and Carriage Museum Visitors must maintain an 18” distance from any art or artifacts Photography is permitted at the Greenhouse, and on the grounds of The Frick Pittsburgh Photography is prohibited inside the historic mansion, Clayton Photography is allowed in special exhibition galleries at the Frick Art Museum unless otherwise noted Selfie sticks are permitted outside on the grounds, but not indoors Aerial photography is prohibited Photographs and videography cannot be published, sold, reproduced, or otherwise commercially exploited in any manner whatsoever The Frick Pittsburgh is not responsible for any uses of visitor photography that infringe upon third-party copyrights or other rights Visitors taking photos are asked to please be courteous to other visitors by not blocking their view or impeding their movement Personal photography can include family portraits, engagement photos, senior portraits, and similar shoots as long as they are not blocking or impeding visitors and the organization’s events Visitors to The Frick Pittsburgh may be photographed, videotaped, or otherwise recorded. Visitors grant The Frick Pittsburgh permission to use photographs and/or audiovisual recordings. Commercial & Business Photography Policy We require photographers and videographers shooting for commercial or business use to obtain a permit in advance. Permits start at $150 with set-ups including one camera person using hand-held equipment only. Use of static equipment, such as tripods, requires an additional fee for staff time. Requests for permits must be submitted at least 10 business days in advance and are subject to staff availability. Permits are non-refundable. In the case of inclement weather, permits can be rescheduled depending upon availability. Please email media@thefrickpittsburgh.org with your desired date and time, crew size, and camera set up to request a permit. Keep up to date with news and events from The Frick Pittsburgh newsletter. The Frick Pittsburgh 7227 Reynolds St. Pittsburgh, PA 15208 Hours: Monday: Closed Tuesday-Sunday: Gardens and grounds open 8 AM-8PM View detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org Contact Media Inquiries Employment Rentals Partnership Programs Membership About Our Mission Annual Report & Strategic Plan Board of Trustees Trustee Portal Member Portal Leadership Accessibility Inclusion Land Acknowledgement Press Releases Photo Policy Trustee Login The Frick legacy The Frick Family Historic Home & Gardens Copyright 2018 | The Frick Pittsburgh | Website by Blue Archer × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!