FALSTAFF | Pittsburgh Opera GIVE NOW LOGIN CALENDAR This is a search field with an auto-suggest feature attached. There are no suggestions because the search field is empty. About About Opera Mythbusting Mission & History Strategic Engagement Financial Documents LA BOHÈME Set against the backdrop of bohemian Paris, La Bohème follows four impoverished artists surviving with little more than friendship, passion, and their love for art. Benedum Center, OCTOBER 18, 21, 24, 26, 2025 LEARN MORE Seasons Seasons LA BOHÈME FELLOW TRAVELERS CURLEW RIVER TIME TO ACT FALSTAFF Past Seasons Free & Low Cost Events Special Events LA BOHÈME Set against the backdrop of bohemian Paris, La Bohème follows four impoverished artists surviving with little more than friendship, passion, and their love for art. Benedum Center, OCTOBER 18, 21, 24, 26, 2025 LEARN MORE Tickets Tickets Subscribe Today Opus Pass Group Tickets Promotions and Discounts Student Tickets Give the Gift of Opera Ticketing Info & Policies Accessibility Opera FAQs Free Childcare Services LA BOHÈME Set against the backdrop of bohemian Paris, La Bohème follows four impoverished artists surviving with little more than friendship, passion, and their love for art. Benedum Center, OCTOBER 18, 21, 24, 26, 2025 LEARN MORE Support Support Ways to Give Planned Giving Stay Connected Advertise With Us LA BOHÈME Set against the backdrop of bohemian Paris, La Bohème follows four impoverished artists surviving with little more than friendship, passion, and their love for art. Benedum Center, OCTOBER 18, 21, 24, 26, 2025 LEARN MORE Education Education Educators Students Schools Adults Resources Bravo Academy LA BOHÈME Set against the backdrop of bohemian Paris, La Bohème follows four impoverished artists surviving with little more than friendship, passion, and their love for art. Benedum Center, OCTOBER 18, 21, 24, 26, 2025 LEARN MORE Resident Artists Resident Artists 2025-26 Resident Artists Faculty & Administration Auditions Resident Artist Alumni LA BOHÈME Set against the backdrop of bohemian Paris, La Bohème follows four impoverished artists surviving with little more than friendship, passion, and their love for art. Benedum Center, OCTOBER 18, 21, 24, 26, 2025 LEARN MORE Our Team Our Team Board of Directors Staff Orchestra Chorus Auditions Employment & Internships Official Partners Site Credits LA BOHÈME Set against the backdrop of bohemian Paris, La Bohème follows four impoverished artists surviving with little more than friendship, passion, and their love for art. Benedum Center, OCTOBER 18, 21, 24, 26, 2025 LEARN MORE Facilities Facilities Bitz Opera Factory Hold Your Event at Pittsburgh Opera Production Rentals Office Hours LA BOHÈME Set against the backdrop of bohemian Paris, La Bohème follows four impoverished artists surviving with little more than friendship, passion, and their love for art. Benedum Center, OCTOBER 18, 21, 24, 26, 2025 LEARN MORE FALSTAFF About Opera Mythbusting Mission & History Strategic Impact & Engagement Financial Documents Seasons LA BOHÈME FELLOW TRAVELERS CURLEW RIVER TIME TO ACT FALSTAFF Past Seasons TOSCA CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA/ PAGLIACCI ARMIDA MADAMA BUTTERFLY WOMAN WITH EYES CLOSED THE BARBER OF SEVILLE THE FLYING DUTCHMAN IPHIGÉNIE EN TAURIDE PROVING UP LA TRAVIATA THE PASSION OF MARY CARDWELL DAWSON RUSALKA THE MARRIAGE OF FIGARO ARIODANTE IL TROVATORE DENIS & KATYA WE SHALL NOT BE MOVED THE MAGIC FLUTE THE ROSE ELF IN A GROVE CARMEN BLUE Free & Low Cost Events Song Shop Concerts Family Day Pre-Opera Talks Meet The Artists Community Concerts WQED Broadcasts Allegheny County Summer Concert Series Special Events Diamond Diva Disco Pittsburgh Opera Fashion Show Maecenas Tickets Subscribe Today Opus Pass Group Tickets Promotions and Discounts Student Tickets Cheap Seats Give the Gift of Opera Ticketing Info & Policies Accessibility Opera FAQs Free Childcare Services Support Ways to Give Individual Giving Galaxy Society Monthly Giving Corporate Giving Sponsorships Resident Artist Sponsorships Production Sponsorships Event Sponsorships Planned Giving Stay Connected Get Involved FRIENDS of Pittsburgh Opera Pittsburgh Opera New Guard Volunteer Advertise With Us Education Educators Students Schools Adults Resources Study Guides Bravo Academy Resident Artists 2025-26 Resident Artists Maeve Berry Shannon Crowley Lauryn Davis Dana Kinney Erik Nordstrom Matthew Soibelman Logan Wagner Audrey Welsh Faculty & Administration Robert Boldin, Director of Artistic Operations Glenn Lewis, Head of Music Mark Trawka, Director of Musical Studies and Chorus Master James Lesniak, Associate Coach/Pianist Auditions Resident Artist Alumni Our Team Board of Directors Staff Christopher Hahn, General Director Antony Walker, Music Director Orchestra Chorus Auditions Employment & Internships Official Partners Solich Piano at Pittsburgh Opera Site Credits Facilities Bitz Opera Factory Hold Your Event at Pittsburgh Opera Production Rentals Office Hours Current Media Releases Pittsburgh Opera presents romance, broken hearts, free concerts, disco, and more this fall Pittsburgh Opera is proud to announce its stellar class of 2025-26 Resident Artists Pittsburgh Opera to host 18th Annual Piano Sale August 21st-24th Christopher Hahn to retire after 2025-26 Season Pittsburgh Opera announces its 87th season Pittsburgh Opera presents Haydn’s 'Armida' Jan. 25–Feb.2, 2025 Pittsburgh Opera presents drama, intrigue, murder and more this fall Pittsburgh Opera announces its 2024-25 Resident Artists Music Director Antony Walker receives 5-year contract extension Pittsburgh Opera to offer free childcare during La Traviata matinee Pittsburgh Opera announces first of its kind rideshare voucher program Emily Richter a Grand Finals Winner of Metropolitan Opera’s Laffont Competition Close No Events EVENTS ‹ › Today Jump To: Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec fALsTAFF Music by Giuseppe Verdi Libretto adapted by Arrigo Boito from the play The Merry Wives of Windsor and scenes from Henry IV , Part 1 and Part 2, by William Shakespeare • APRIL 28, MAY 1, 3, 2026 BUY TICKETS Laugh last, laugh best. Beloved buffoon Sir John Falstaff has fallen on hard times. But being a ladies’ man (or so he’d like to think), he drunkenly schemes to cash in on his wit and charm by wooing the wealthy wives of Windsor, Alice Ford and Meg Page. However, when these women uncover that he has sent them both identical love letters, they hatch a plan of their own to teach Falstaff a lesson he won’t soon forget! The music matches the merriment and mischief of this madcap romp. See why Verdi’s buoyant comedy, based on Shakespeare’s The Merry Wives of Windsor , is considered one of the best comedic operas of all time! Antony Walker conducts; Crystal Manich directs. These performances are sponsored in part by The Gailliot Fund. (photo credit: David Allen for Opera San Jose) (photo credit: David Allen for Opera San Jose) (photo credit: David Allen for Opera San Jose) (photo credit: David Allen for Opera San Jose) (photo credit: David Allen for Opera San Jose) PERFORMANCE DATES/TIMES/LOCATION Where: Benedum Center, at the corner of 7th Street and Penn Ave, downtown Pittsburgh When: Tuesday, April 28, 2026 * 7:00 PM Thursday, April 30, 2026 * 10:30 AM Student Matinee Friday, May 1, 2026 * 7:00 PM Sunday, May 3, 2026 * 3:00 PM CAST AND ARTISTIC TEAM Sir John Falstaff, a knight: Michael Chioldi Ford, a wealthy man: Blake Denson + Alice Ford, his wife: Danielle Pastin ** Nannetta, their daughter: Shannon Crowley * Meg Page: Audrey Welsh * Mistress Quickly: Marianne Cornetti ** Fenton, one of Nannetta's suitors: Logan Wagner * Pistola, a follower of Falstaff: Matthew Soibelman * Dr. Caius: Joseph Frank Bardolfo: Michael Pegher + Conductor: Antony Walker Stage Director : Crystal Manich Set Designer: Steven C. Kemp Costume Designer: Sarasota Opera | Suzanne Mess Lighting Designer: Cindy Limauro Wig & Make-up Designer: James Geier Assistant Conductor: Glenn Lewis Chorus Master: Mark Trawka Associate Coach/Pianist: James Lesniak Assistant Stage Director: Dana Kinney * Stage Manager: Cindy Knight Assistant Stage Managers: Bee Anderson, Tess Naval Original production conceived and directed by Jose Maria Condemi Production originally designed for and created by Opera San José +   Pittsburgh Opera debut *     Pittsburgh Opera Resident Artist **   Pittsburgh Opera Resident Artist Alumnus SYNOPSIS ACT I The Garter Inn. Dr. Caius bursts into Sir John Falstaff’s room in the Garter Inn, accusing him of unseemly behavior the previous night. He further accuses Falstaff’s two henchmen, Bardolph and Pistol, of having robbed him while he was drunk. Unable to obtain reparations, Dr. Caius leaves in a fury. Falstaff contemplates the large bill he has run up at the inn. He informs Bardolph and Pistol that in order to repair his finances he plans to seduce Alice Ford and Meg Page, both wives of prosperous Windsor citizens. When Bardolph and Pistol refuse to deliver the letters Falstaff has written to the two ladies, Falstaff instructs a page to do so instead. He then ridicules Bardolph and Pistol’s newly discovered sense of honor, before throwing them out of his room. The Garter Inn. Alice Ford and Meg Page laugh over the identical love letters they have received from Sir John Falstaff. They share their amusement with Alice’s daughter Nannetta, and with their friend Mistress Quickly. Ford arrives, followed by four men all proffering advice: Dr. Caius, whom Ford favors as Nannetta’s future husband; Bardolph and Pistol, who are now seeking advantageous employment from Ford; and Fenton, who is in love with Ford’s daughter Nannetta. When Ford learns of Falstaff’s plan to seduce his wife, he immediately becomes jealous. While Alice and Meg plan how to take revenge on their importunate suitor, Ford decides to disguise himself in order to pay a visit to Falstaff. Unnoticed in the midst of all the commotion, Nannetta and Fenton manage to steal a few precious moments together. ACT II The Garter Inn. Feigning penitence, Bardolph and Pistol rejoin Falstaff’s service. They show in Mistress Quickly, who informs Falstaff that both Alice and Meg are madly in love with him. She explains that it will be easier to seduce Alice, since her husband is out of the house every afternoon, between two and three. Falstaff joyously anticipates his seduction of Alice. Bardolph now announces that a “Mister Brook” (Ford in disguise) wishes to speak to Falstaff. To Falstaff’s surprise, “Brook” offers him wine and money if he will seduce Alice Ford, explaining that he has long been in love with the lady, but to no avail. If she were to be seduced by the more experienced Falstaff, she might then be more likely to fall a second time and accept “Brook.” Falstaff agrees to the plan, telling his surprised new friend that he already has a rendezvous with Alice that very afternoon. As Falstaff leaves to prepare himself, Ford gives way to jealous rage. When Falstaff returns, dressed in his best clothes, the two men exchange compliments before leaving together. Ford’s house. Mistress Quickly, Alice and Meg are preparing for Falstaff’s visit. Nannetta tearfully tells her mother that her father insists on her marrying Dr. Caius, but Alice tells her daughter not to worry. Falstaff arrives and begins his seduction of Alice, nostalgically boasting of his aristocratic youth as page to the Duke of Norfolk. As Falstaff becomes more amorous, Meg Page interrupts the tête-à-tête, as planned, to announce (in jest) that Ford is approaching. But just at that point Mistress Quickly suddenly returns in a panic to inform Alice that Ford really is on his way, and in a jealous temper. As Ford rushes in with a group of townsfolk, the terrified Falstaff seeks a hiding place, eventually ending up in a large laundry basket. Fenton and Nannetta also hide. Ford and the other men ransack the house. Hearing the sound of kissing, Ford is convinced that he has found his wife and her lover Falstaff together, but is furious to discover Nannetta and Fenton instead. While Ford argues with Fenton, Alice instructs her servants to empty the laundry basket out of the window. To general hilarity, Falstaff is thrown into the River Thames. ACT III Outside the Garter Inn. A wet and bruised Falstaff laments the wickedness of the world, but soon cheers up with a glass of mulled wine. Mistress Quickly persuades him that Alice was innocent of the unfortunate incident at Ford’s house. To prove that Alice still loves him, she proposes a new rendezvous that night in Windsor Great Park. In a letter that Quickly gives to Falstaff, Alice asks the knight to appear at midnight, disguised as the Black Huntsman. Ford, Nannetta, Meg, and Alice prepare the second part of their plot: Nannetta will be Queen of the Fairies and the others, also in disguise, will help to continue Falstaff’s punishment. Ford secretly promises Caius that he will marry Nannetta that evening. Mistress Quickly overhears them. Windsor Great Park. As Fenton and Nannetta are reunited, Alice explains her plan to trick Ford into marrying them. They all hide as Falstaff approaches. On the stroke of midnight, Alice appears. She declares her love for Falstaff, but suddenly runs away, saying that she hears spirits approaching. Nannetta, disguised as the Queen of the Fairies, summons her followers who attack the terrified Falstaff, pinching and poking him until he promises to give up his dissolute ways. In the midst of the assault Falstaff suddenly recognizes Bardolph, and realizes that he has been tricked. While Ford explains that he was “Brook,” Quickly scolds Falstaff for his attempts at seducing two younger, virtuous women. Falstaff accepts that he has been made a figure of fun, but points out that he remains the real source of wit in others. Dr. Caius now comes forward with a figure in white. They are to be married by Ford. Alice brings forward another couple, who also receive Ford’s blessing. When the brides remove their veils it is revealed that Ford has just married Fenton to Nannetta, and Dr. Caius to Bardolph. With everyone now laughing at his expense, Ford has no choice but to forgive the lovers and bless their marriage. Before sitting down to a wedding supper with Sir John Falstaff, the entire company agrees that the whole world may be nothing but a jest filled with jesters, but he who laughs last, laughs best. — Metropolitan Opera PREVIEW THE MUSIC Want to know what Falstaff sounds like? Listen to theses excerpts from the Met, Opera di Firenze, and Garsington Opera: Ailyn Pérez (Alice), Francesca Boncompagni (Nannetta), Caterina Piva (Meg Page) and Sara Mingardo (Quickly) sing ‘ Fulgida Alice, amor t’offro... ’ from Act I of Falstaff (Opera di Firenze) L'Amor - Ford & Falstaff Duet Sir John Falstaff - Henry Waddington Ford - Richard Burkhar (Garsington Opera) Reverenza! Stephanie Blythe (Mrs. Quickly) Ambrogio Maestri (Falstaff) (Metropolitan Opera) Excerpt from the Act II finale of Verdi's Falstaff (Metropolitan Opera) DETAILS & RESOURCES We want you to have the best experience possible at our performances! Here are some details and resources to help. Also visit our Opera FAQs or our Accessibility page . Run time: approx. 2 hours and 30 minutes Understand Every Word: Falstaff is sung in Italian, but has English supertitles projected above the stage at all performances Parking Downtown: get real-time parking availability Pre-Opera Talks before each performance Braille Programs available at The Benedum Center Large-Print Programs available at The Benedum Center CHILD POLICY: Children must be ages 6 and up. Suggestions and tips for bringing children to the opera may be found at pittsburghopera.org/FAQ . All children must have a ticket. There is a 50% discount for kids and teens ages 6-18. BENEDUM SAFETY AND SECURITY STATEMENT The Pittsburgh Cultural Trust has implemented new security and bag policies, effective starting October 1, 2016, at the Benedum Center and their other venues. You can read their Safety & Security statement , which includes an updated list of prohibited items , and read their Bag Policy , on their website . 2425 LIBERTY AVE. PITTSBURGH, PA 15222 P. 412-281-0912 Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Contact Us Directions & Parking Auditions Employment Media Releases Privacy Policy Site Map Board Of Directors Login BUY TICKETS GIVE NOW SUBSCRIBE ©2025 PITTSBURGH OPERA