Home for the Holidays at Clayton | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens Toggle navigation Blog Collection Equity Membership Rentals Café Shop Donate Plan Your Visit Visit Hours & Admission Today at the Frick Directions & Transit Site Map Accessibility Tours Group Visits Field Trips Explore The Frick Plan Your Visit See and Do See and Do The Frick Grounds Today at the Frick Programs and Events Events By Age Group Make the most of your visit Plan Ahead Calendar Learn Learn For Educators Family Programs Workshops Adult Programs Summer Camps Outreach Explore from anywhere Virtual Museum Exhibitions Exhibitions Current Exhibitions Upcoming Exhibitions Past Exhibitions Virtual Exhibitions Now On View The Scandinavian Home Support Membership The Frick Societies Reciprocal Museums Member Portal Donate Legacy Planning Gifts of Stock Qualified Charitable Distributions Corporate Giving EITC Our Supporters Home Calendar Home for the Holidays at Clayton Home for the Holidays at Clayton Event information November 22, 2025 10:15 AM - 3:30 PM Location Check in at the Grable Visitor Center Description: Celebrate the season at Clayton with limited-time specialty tours! Members are encouraged to call the Members Hotline at 412-342-4086 Buy Tickets November 22 - January 4 Tours run Tuesdays through Sundays* About The Tour Celebrate the season and take in the cheerful atmosphere of a home decked for the holidays on a specialty tour of Clayton! Learn how the holidays were celebrated by different groups in Pittsburgh during the Gilded Age, including the Frick family and their staff, and enjoy festive conversations about the origins of some of our favorite seasonal traditions. Cost: Free for members $25 for non-members $22 for Seniors aged 65+, post-secondary Students, Veteran/Active Military/National Guard/Reserves, people with disabilities (ADA), pre-K-12 Teachers, First Responders $15 for youth 17 and under $1 for Museums for All (SNAP benefits recipients) with Electronic Benefit Transfer (EBT) card Free for babies held in arms Plan Your Visit: Clayton tours include the first and second floors. The first floor of the house is wheelchair accessible. Click for more information about accessibility . All Clayton tours begin at the Grable Visitor Center. Advance reservations are highly recommended. *The Frick Pittsburgh is closed on Thursday, Novemeber 27; Wednesday, December 24; Thursday, December 25; and Thursday, January 1. See & Do Related Events Sep 30 Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick September 30, 2025 8:00 AM - 8:00 PM Duquesne students bring the sights and sounds of Frick history to life in multisensory installation Sep 30 Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle September 30, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM Explore abstract sculptures by a Atticus Adams in the Frick Pittsburgh's vibrant, flora-filled histo... Sep 30 The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore September 30, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM From Sept 27, 2025 - Jan 11, 2026, escape to the magical, mythical lands of Scandinavia with The Sca... Previous Event: An Evening in Clayton: Behind-the-Scenes at the Holidays Next Event: Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick Keep up to date with news and events from The Frick Pittsburgh newsletter. The Frick Pittsburgh 7227 Reynolds St. Pittsburgh, PA 15208 Hours: Monday: Closed Tuesday-Sunday: Gardens and grounds open 8 AM-8PM View detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org Contact Media Inquiries Employment Rentals Partnership Programs Membership About Our Mission Annual Report & Strategic Plan Board of Trustees Trustee Portal Member Portal Leadership Accessibility Inclusion Land Acknowledgement Press Releases Photo Policy Trustee Login The Frick legacy The Frick Family Historic Home & Gardens Copyright 2018 | The Frick Pittsburgh | Website by Blue Archer × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!