Group Visits | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens Toggle navigation Blog Collection Equity Membership Rentals Café Shop Donate Plan Your Visit Visit Hours & Admission Today at the Frick Directions & Transit Site Map Accessibility Tours Group Visits Field Trips Explore The Frick Plan Your Visit See and Do See and Do The Frick Grounds Today at the Frick Programs and Events Events By Age Group Make the most of your visit Plan Ahead Calendar Learn Learn For Educators Family Programs Workshops Adult Programs Summer Camps Outreach Explore from anywhere Virtual Museum Exhibitions Exhibitions Current Exhibitions Upcoming Exhibitions Past Exhibitions Virtual Exhibitions Now On View The Scandinavian Home Support Membership The Frick Societies Reciprocal Museums Member Portal Donate Legacy Planning Gifts of Stock Qualified Charitable Distributions Corporate Giving EITC Our Supporters Tickets membership Home Group Visits Group Visits Make your next group outing special at the Frick. Our customized tour packages ensure that your group gets the most out of their Frick experience. Group Tours We offer a variety of group tours and experiences. Please contact us to customize your package and for special group rates. Group tour requests must be made at least six weeks in advance. Email us now If you plan to visit the Frick as a self-guided group, please review our museum guidelines for self-guided groups ahead of your arrival. View Adult Group Guidelines View Student Group Guidelines Group Tours of Clayton All large groups are divided into subgroups of 8 to 10, which depart at 10-minute intervals to begin the tour. When groups are not touring Clayton, they may visit The Frick Art Museum, Car and Carriage Museum, Grable Visitor Center, Greenhouse, or Museum Store. Available for groups of 11 to 30, Tuesday through Friday. COST: $24 per person Payment in full is required one month before your visit. Reservations required. Contact 412-342-4087 or email education@thefrickpittsburgh.org Group Tours of the Frick Art Museum The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore September 27, 2025 – January 11, 2026 Guided group tours of Scandinavian Home are available for groups of 8-20 people. Guided group tours are scheduled based on availability. Available for groups of 8 to 20, Tuesday through Friday. COST: $20 per person Payment in full is required one month before your visit. Reservations required. Contact education@thefrickpittsburgh.org to reserve. Group Tours of the Car and Carriage Museum Guided tours of the Car and Carriage Museum explore America's transition from carriage to car through the Frick Pittsburgh's collection of 19th-century carriages and early automobiles. Groups of ten or more people interested in a guided tour of the museum are encouraged to reserve a private group tour. Available for groups of 10 to 20, Tuesday through Friday. COST: $7 per person Payment in full is required one month before your visit. Reservations required. Contact 412-342-4087 or email education@thefrickpittsburgh.org . Overview Hours & Admission Today at the Frick Directions & Transportation Plan Your Visit Site Map Accessibility Tours Group Visits Frequently asked Questions When should I make my reservation? Where may we park our bus? How much time should we allow for touring... Review Group Tour FAQs Keep up to date with news and events from The Frick Pittsburgh newsletter. The Frick Pittsburgh 7227 Reynolds St. Pittsburgh, PA 15208 Hours: Monday: Closed Tuesday-Sunday: Gardens and grounds open 8 AM-8PM View detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org Contact Media Inquiries Employment Rentals Partnership Programs Membership About Our Mission Annual Report & Strategic Plan Board of Trustees Trustee Portal Member Portal Leadership Accessibility Inclusion Land Acknowledgement Press Releases Photo Policy Trustee Login The Frick legacy The Frick Family Historic Home & Gardens Copyright 2018 | The Frick Pittsburgh | Website by Blue Archer × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!