Blog Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Calendar Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Rent a Space Visit About Donate Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Time left to complete order Featured Stories Three Icons, One Night of Celebration: Arts Leaders Honored at the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Gala Tues., September 9 | For the second year in a row, the Cultural Trust was proud to honor three outstanding individuals through the 2025 Icon Awards. A Puppy’s Guide Dog Training: The Benedum Center Edition Wed., August 20 | Join Ace, a young black lab, on a special tour through the Benedum. Finding Joy Through “Magic with Mr. Messado” Wed., August 13 | Magic with Messado, a community engagement program, helps children build confidence, practice public speaking, and exercise problem-solving skills, all while experiencing the art of illusions. From Storage to Support: Inside the Byham Theater’s Lactation Space Wed., July 23 | Learn how the lactation room at the Byham Theater came to be and experience it through the eyes of a mother and Cultural Trust supporter. Your Guide to Benedum Center Seating: Staff Picks and Tips Wed., July 16 | Katie Colwell, Director of Operations, and Christine Wagner, Operations Manager, share their Benedum seating recommendations based on their expertise and personal preferences. Tracing History, One Hand at a Time Wed. June 25, 2025 | Acclaimed citizen artist vanessa german and our Director of Galleries & Public Art, Anastasia James, share their reflections after collecting handprints and connecting with elders at a local senior center. 10 Reasons to Read the Cultural Trust’s Annual Report Fri. June, 20 | If you’re curious about the impact the Cultural Trust is making in the Cultural District and across communities, check out our 2024 Annual Report—hot off the press! From Classmates to Cast Members: Disney Musicals in Schools Students Perform at the Benedum Mon, June 16 | It was a magical day at the Benedum as 300 students from nine Pittsburgh-area schools took the stage for the Disney Musicals in Schools Student Share Celebration. A Map Toward Greater Accessibility at the Dollar Bank Three Rivers Arts Festival Mon., June 2 | For the first time, visitors will be able to explore the arts festival using sensory-friendly and tactile maps. Beyond the Stage: Student Volunteers Build Confidence and Connection Wed., May 7 | Now in its third year, Beyond the Stage has evolved from a pilot program into a growing base of student volunteers. Vinay Thomas, who spearheaded the program, reflects on its growth and impact on students. Valentine’s Day in Pittsburgh: Celebrate Love with Dinner and a Show Mon, Feb. 3 | Whether you’re celebrating Valentine’s Day with a special someone, friends, or flying solo, the Cultural District is the perfect place to spend it. Accessibility in Action: Using a Wheelchair in the Benedum Center Mon, Jan. 13 | Tess Dally helps us to kick off our newest blog series as she shares her experience with our accessible bars, platform seating, and more during her visit to see MJ the Musical at the Benedum. Two Ways to Extend Your Broadway Experience Wed, Nov. 27 | Want more Broadway? Creative Conversations and Broadway Talk Backs allow you to explore the world of theater more closely. Come Celebrate Día de los Muertos in the Cultural District Wed, Oct. 23 | Join us in honoring the rich traditions of Día de los Muertos and celebrating the memories of those who have touched our lives! Theater is Better Together: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust's Group Ticket Program Fri, August 30 | Experiencing theater is special, so why not share it with the people who matter most? Harmony and Healing: Personal Stories from the Lullaby Project Thurs, Aug 1, 2024 | Nine families experience the power of music to connect, inpsire, and express love. Five Ways to Enjoy Your Summer in Pittsburgh Thurs, July, 18 2024 | We’re transforming the Giant Eagle Foundation Backyard into your new favorite hangout! From pickleball and fashion markets to live music, food, and games, here’s your guide to making the most of summer in Pittsburgh! One Festival, Two Stories: How the Dollar Bank Three Rivers Arts Festival Touches Lives Fri, June 26, 2024 | The Three Rivers Arts Festival is more than an event- it's a beloved summer tradition that brings people together in unexpected ways. Dedication in Action: Ginny Kasserman’s Volunteer Story Thurs, June 13, 2024 | Meet Ginny and learn how volunteerism changed her life. From Founding Fathers to Pop Kings and Princesses As we prepare to bring our ten Broadway in Pitttsburgh shows to the Benedum Center, explore what makes each production sing on its own and harmonize as a collective. A Magical Milestone: Liberty Magic Turns Five Tuesday, Feb 6, 2024 | In celebration of Liberty Magic’s fifth anniversary, we’re traveling through time and taking a close-up look at the tricks and triumphs behind Pittsburgh’s home for magic. The Ultimate Guide to Stress-Free Gift Giving with Experiences in the Cultural District Tuesday, Dec 12, 2023 | Give the gift of experiences this holiday season Reframing Pittsburgh’s Cultural District: A journey in two acts Learn more about the multi-year process of bringing a new look to the Cultural District. Slip into Spring with This Season’s (Mostly) Free Events Ready to make some spring plans? We've compiled a list of some arts-related events in Pittsburgh that we think you will enjoy. 2023 - 2024 PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh Season: A Message From The Curator Vice President of Broadway Programming Marc Fleming pulls back the curtain on the 2023-2024 PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh Season. Be part of the conversation at the Pittsburgh Humanities Festival Thursday, February 23 | The Pittsburgh Humanities Festival presented by Citizens has something for everyone. Ways to Support Black Art in the Cultural District and Beyond! Another Black History Month is upon us and we are back with another round up of ways to support Black art and artists in the Cultural District and beyond! Show Some Love to Local Pittsburgh Businesses this Holiday Season Wednesday, December 14 | With the holiday season in full swing, we’re here to help you find the perfect gifts while supporting local businesses in Downtown Pittsburgh. Fill up on the arts over Thanksgiving Break Friday, Nov 11, 2022|The Pittsburgh arts scene has plenty to offer before and after Thanksgiving. Open to Interpretation: Bringing Access to Broadway Wed, Oct 12, 2022 | Learn the ins and outs of sign language interpreting a PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh show. Featured Dining Partner: Con Alma Hadestown makes its way to the Benedum Center, November 15 - 20 as a part of the PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh series and we have another featured dining partner for you to enjoy before or after the show! 2022-2023 PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh Season: A Message From The Curator Mon, Apr 11, 2022 | Vice President of Broadway Programming Marc Fleming pulls back the curtain on the 2022-2023 PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh Season. College Student Guide: Why Exploring the Arts is Easy with Us Tues, Oct. 22 | Our doors are always open to students! Learn how you can embrace your creative side and take a break from your usual school routine through affordable, conveninent, and fun arts experiences. “Breaking Down Barriers”: A Partnership with VaultArt Studios Wed, Oct. 16 | The Pittsburgh Cultural Trust and VaultArt Studios have joined forces to promote the inclusion of artists with disabilities in contemporary art. Fall is for Falling Leaves, Fun, and Free Events! Wed, Oct. 9 | Celebrate the fall season with a variety of free and low-cost events in the Cultural District. Arts Leaders Honored Through Inaugural Icon Awards Monday, Sept. 9 | For the first time, we presented the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Icon Awards to three remarkable individuals who have made a lasting impact on our community. Getting Ready With Us: Theater Edition Tues, September 3 | Prepare for your next visit to the theater with a few easy steps. Artist to Watch: Jasmine Cho Thu, Mar 5, 2020 | Artists to Watch shines the spotlight on the incredibly talented artists who create right here in Pittsburgh! Where the Magic Happens: The Benedum Center’s Grand Stage Fri, Feb 14, 2020 | Pull back the curtain and learn more about the Benedum Center's one-of-a-kind stage and orchestra pit! New Neighbor in the District: The Standard Market & Pint House Mon, Feb 24, 2020 | Coming in early March: The Standard Market & Pint House (947 Penn), a one stop eatery that features health conscious but delicious bites. How Five Installations Transformed Downtown Pittsburgh into a City of Light Fri, Jan 10, 2020 | Learn how over 50,000 LED lights, an illuminated billboard and the skull of Nobel Prize nominee Claude Shannon are actually the untold emblems of Pittsburgh’s identity. Artist to Watch: Dennis Garner Wed, Dec 11, 2019 | Artists to Watch shines the spotlight on the incredibly talented artists who create right here in Pittsburgh! Leading Light: The Benedum Center’s Grand Chandelier Thu, Sep 12, 2019 | Learn about this Pittsburgh luminary's long career in show business. 100 Years of History: A Look at the Byham Theater’s Fire Curtain Tue, Aug 20, 2019 | At the Byham Theater, a century-old artifact lives amid modern rigging, lighting and sound equipment. The theater's original fire curtain still hangs in the loft — only seeing the light of day once a year. 5 Cool Alleyways are Transforming Pittsburgh Spaces into Public Art Activations Fri, Jul 26, 2019 | From Gallery Crawl pop-ups to writer’s sanctuaries, there’s something special to be said about  Pittsburgh’s alleyways. Broadway Payment Portal Blog Three Icons, One Night of Celebration: Arts Leaders Honored at the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Gala A Puppy’s Guide Dog Training: The Benedum Center Edition Finding Joy Through “Magic with Mr. Messado” From Storage to Support: Inside the Byham Theater’s Lactation Space Your Guide to Benedum Center Seating: Staff Picks and Tips Tracing History, One Hand at a Time 10 Reasons to Read the Cultural Trust’s Annual Report From Classmates to Cast Members: Disney Musicals in Schools Students Perform at the Benedum A Map Toward Greater Accessibility at the Dollar Bank Three Rivers Arts Festival Beyond the Stage: Student Volunteers Build Confidence and Connection Valentine’s Day in Pittsburgh: Celebrate Love with Dinner and a Show Accessibility in Action: Using a Wheelchair in the Benedum Center Two Ways to Extend Your Broadway Experience Come Celebrate Día de los Muertos in the Cultural District Theater is Better Together: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust's Group Ticket Program Harmony and Healing: Personal Stories from the Lullaby Project Five Ways to Enjoy Your Summer in Pittsburgh One Festival, Two Stories: How the Dollar Bank Three Rivers Arts Festival Touches Lives Dedication in Action: Ginny Kasserman’s Volunteer Story From Founding Fathers to Pop Kings and Princesses A Magical Milestone: Liberty Magic Turns Five The Ultimate Guide to Stress-Free Gift Giving with Experiences in the Cultural District Reframing Pittsburgh’s Cultural District: A journey in two acts Slip into Spring with This Season’s (Mostly) Free Events 2023 - 2024 PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh Season: A Message From The Curator Be part of the conversation at the Pittsburgh Humanities Festival Ways to Support Black Art in the Cultural District and Beyond! Show Some Love to Local Pittsburgh Businesses this Holiday Season Fill up on the arts over Thanksgiving Break Open to Interpretation: Bringing Access to Broadway Featured Dining Partner: Con Alma 2022-2023 PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh Season: A Message From The Curator "The Kid" at 100: Q&A with Renowned "Chaplin" Choreographer, Dan Kamin 2022 Oscar Shorts: A Message from the Curator Explore Good Ideas at the Pittsburgh Humanities Festival Featured Dining Partner: McCormick and Schmick's Ways to Support Black Art in the Cultural District Drive My Car Extended at the Harris: A Message from the Curator Fun and New in 2022: Free Winter Events in the ‘Burgh Januscary Film Festival: A Message from the Curator College Student Guide: Why Exploring the Arts is Easy with Us The Story of Intrude: Q&A with Artist Amanda Parer “Breaking Down Barriers”: A Partnership with VaultArt Studios Dinner and A Show: Summer the Musical and Olive or Twist Fall is for Falling Leaves, Fun, and Free Events! More Fall and Winter Programming in the Cultural District! Arts Leaders Honored Through Inaugural Icon Awards Fall Programming in the District! Getting Ready With Us: Theater Edition Broadway Bracket Brawl: Everything You Need to Know Last-Minute Gifts for Pittsburgh Arts Lovers 11 Ways to stay Socially Distant in the Cultural District and Beyond! Bookish Writing Prompts and Reading Lists for the Dog-eared Days of Summer Art Connects Us: Trust Digital Programming to Enjoy Anywhere! Pittsburgh Dance Council Spring 2021 Programming Announced Your Guide to Exploring the EQT Children's Theater Festival @ Home Ten Cultural District Scenes to Beautify Your Next Zoom Call 2020-2021 PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh Season: A Message From The Curator Bookish in the ‘Burgh: What to Write Bookish in the ‘Burgh: Recommended Reading Buzzword Talk & Play Activities for the Week Artist to Watch: Jasmine Cho The Band’s Visit brings Sasson Gabay to Pittsburgh in "the role of a lifetime" Where the Magic Happens: The Benedum Center’s Grand Stage Going On a Curiosity Voyage with Boaz Frankel — Humanities Festival Public Open Call Winner New Neighbor in the District: The Standard Market & Pint House Pittsburgh Dance Council: Ohad Naharin’s Tabula Rasa returns home to Pittsburgh BroadwayCon, here I come again Featured Dining Partner: Ten Penny Winter Gallery Crawl: Brave the Cold With This Suggested Route How Five Installations Transformed Downtown Pittsburgh into a City of Light Winter is Coming: Free Events for the New Year Ring in the New Year at Highmark First Night Pittsburgh Jesus Christ Superstar as you’ve never seen it before The Illusionists Magic of the Holidays: A Daredevil, a Manipulator, a Showman, a Trickster and more take over Heinz Hall Featured Dining Partner: Vallozzi's Bookish in the 'Burgh Holiday Gift Guide Artist to Watch: Dennis Garner 5 Places in Downtown Pittsburgh to Shop Local this Holiday Season Featured Dining Partner: or, The Whale Holiday Events in Pittsburgh’s Cultural District Les Mis tour brings CMU grad Joshua Grosso back to Pittsburgh Featured Dining Partner: Molinaro Ristorante and Bar Children's Theater Series: Discover Theater in These Pittsburgh Neighborhoods Featured Dining Partner: Social House 7 Fox Chapel’s Gaelen Gilliland: From Wicked to Mean Girls, with a stop at Kennywood The Making of The Poetry Project Behind The Scenes of Art Brings You To Life Ep.2 Hakuna Matata for All: Sensory Friendly Performance of the Lion King Opens Doors for Autistic Patrons Adventure Awaits: EQT Bridge Theater Series for Pre-teens and Teens Baby it's Cold Outside: Free Events for the Chillier Nights Six Can’t-Miss Spots at the Fall Gallery Crawl A Student’s Guide on How to Enjoy Pittsburgh’s Cultural District for Every Season The roar from backstage at Disney's The Lion King Leading Light: The Benedum Center’s Grand Chandelier Compagnie Furinkaï’s Origami is a Poetic Duet Between Machine and Body 100 Years of History: A Look at the Byham Theater’s Fire Curtain National Relaxation Day: Easy Ways to Unwind in the City of Steel 5 Cool Alleyways are Transforming Pittsburgh Spaces into Public Art Activations Summer Gallery Crawl: Beat the Heat with this Suggested Schedule Artist to Watch: Parag S. Gohel A Summer to Remember: Free Events for the Long Summer Days & Nights Patron Posts: Dollar Bank TRAF19 Dollar Bank Three Rivers Arts Festival: Bridging Communities Through Arts Accessibility Dollar Bank Three Rivers Arts Festival 2019: Top Picks for Every Festival Goer It's A Great Day To Be Outside: Outdoor Activities in Downtown Pittsburgh After 15 Years of JazzLive, Roger Humphries Keeps the Beat Going 2019 EQT Children’s Theater Festival: Your Complete Guide Joe Negri Receives Award In 15th Year of JazzLive Spring Gallery Crawl: Celebrate The Season With This Suggested Route Artist to Watch: Joanna Abel Book(ish) Report: Teen Ambassadors Recap Festival The Burgh is Blooming: Free Events to Help you Kick-off the Season 2019 Dollar Bank Three Rivers Arts Festival: Featured Music Revealed Discover the Perfect Day Out in the Cultural District Pittsburgh Humanities Festival 2019: Our Picks For Every Attendee Quiz: Pittsburgh Humanities Festival - What's Right For You? 2019-2020 PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh Season Takes Center Stage Beverley Bass: the Pioneering Pilot in Come From Away Behind the Curtains and into the Set of Phantom Week in the Life of Program Manager Seth Laidlaw A PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh Love Story Making Memories at HAMILTON Winter Gallery Crawl: Eight Stops to Keep Out of the Cold Cozy Up in the Cultural District Free Events to Brighten the Winter Blues By The Numbers: A 2018 Year in Review A Jubilee Special: Celebrating 25 Years of Highmark First Night Pittsburgh Artist to Watch: Randall Coleman Chill Out in Pittsburgh with these Holiday Themed Shows and Concerts Find the Perfect Gift for Everyone on Your List! Inside the Tony-Award Winning Costume Design of Phantom 5 Reasons to Subscribe to our Citizens Bank Children’s Theater Series and EQT Bridge Theater Series Behind The Scenes of Art Brings You To Life Ep.1 Cirque Eloize Checks in to the Benedum Gallery Crawl 2018: Inside The Making of a Masterpiece Fall for the Arts with the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Pittsburgh International Festival of Firsts: Curatorial Insights from Karla Boos Quiz: Which Pittsburgh International Festival of Firsts Premiere Should You See This Fall? Artist to Watch: Reni Monteverde Disney's Aladdin: Introducing Trevor Dion Nicholas as "Genie" A Peek Behind the Curtain: Keeping the Benedum and Byham Looking Fresh Two Decades On, Allegheny Riverfront Park Continues to Bridge Art and Nature Gallery Crawl: Seven Spots to Hit for the Summer Crawl Soak Up the Summer with These Free Events I Scream, You Scream: 5 Downtown Spots for Every Ice Cream Lover Faces of Pittsburgh: Dollar Bank Three Rivers Arts Festival 2018 Advancing Black Arts in Pittsburgh at the Dollar Bank Three Rivers Arts Festival Dollar Bank Three Rivers Arts Festival 2018: How A Festival Is Made Dollar Bank Three Rivers Arts Festival 2018: Top Picks for Every Festival Goer Day in the Life of Cinderella’s Erica Messonnier 2018 EQT Children's Theater Festival: Your Complete Guide Artist To Watch: Vania Evangelique Quiz: Which EQT Children's Theater Festival Performance Is Right For You? Spring Gallery Crawl: Cure Your Cabin Fever With This Suggested Route Pittsburgh Welcomes Ruby on Rails Coders Defying Gravity with a Special Performance of Wicked New Neighbor in the District: love, Pittsburgh Where to Fuel Up in the Cultural District Spring Into Action With The Season's Free Events 2018 Dollar Bank Three Rivers Arts Festival: Featured Music Revealed Sugar, Butter, Flour: Three Local Bakers' Whimsical Pie Recipes Featured Dining Partner: Union Standard Preview: Showcase Noir Art & Designer Market Quiz: Pittsburgh Humanities Festival - What Matters To You? PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh: V-Day Mixtape When Wicked Comes to Town Trust Visual Arts: Past, Present, and Future 10 Free Ways to Beat the Winter Blahs Trust Arts Education Department: "What Brings Us Together" Behind the Scenes of It's A Wonderful District Holiday Gift Guide Motown Music: Our Bridge of Boundless Unity Featured Dining Partner: Le Lyonnais Touching The Long Run What To Do In Pittsburgh This November Theater Series for Families: Your Complete Guide Featured Dining Partner: BRGR What To Do in Pittsburgh This October Benedum Center Celebrates 30th Birthday 5 Hot Spots to Check Out This Fall Gallery Crawl Free Fall Events in Downtown Pittsburgh and Beyond Where To Find Your PGH Rewind Vintage Party Outfit Visual Arts & Culture Study Seminar: Meet 5 Israeli Artists & Culture Curators The Blue (Lapis Light) Print for Dancing on a Skyscraper Don’t Let Grinches Steal Your Christmas Trust Arts Education Department Travels to Israel for Visual Arts & Culture Study Seminar JazzLive 2017 Spotify Playlist Dollar Bank Three Rivers Arts Festival: Top Picks For Every Festival-Goer Insider's Guide to the EQT Children's Theater Festival What To Do in Pittsburgh This May 7 Spring Gallery Crawl Stops You Don't Want to Miss 2017 Dollar Bank Three Rivers Arts Festival Music Announcement 5 Reasons to Subscribe to our 2017-2018 PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh Season What To Do in Pittsburgh This March Trust Romance: Cultural District Love Stories How To Survive Six More Weeks of Winter in Pittsburgh What To Do in Pittsburgh This January Broadway Payment Portal Join Our Newsletter! Learn More Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Contact Us Events Seating Charts Theaters Parking & Directions Galleries Support Volunteer Press Room About Us Blog Administrative Offices: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 803 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Admin: 412-471-6070 Box Office: 412-456-6666 Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.