Asked and Answered: Sept. 23 Skip to main content Primary nav GAMEDAY TEAM SCHEDULE NEWS VIDEO PHOTOS FANS EN ESPAÑOL HALL OF HONOR MUSEUM STEELERS AUDIO NETWORK DRAFT HISTORY ALUMNI WOMEN OF STEEL YOUTH EN ESPAÑOL STEELERS IRELAND AUF DEUTSCH COMMUNITY STADIUM Shop Tickets Search Open menu button Action related nav TICKETS PRO SHOP WATCH LIVE NFL GAMES Labriola On Asked and Answered Press Releases Game Notes Xtra Points Game Recap Opponents On Press Conference Reaction Steelers Digest Steelers En Español Advertising Asked and Answered Asked and Answered: Sept. 23 Sep 23, 2025 at 06:05 AM Bob Labriola Steelers.com Copied! The opinions found in Asked and Answered do not reflect the views of the Steelers organization. Let's get to it: WILL MCINTOSH FROM BELLEVIEW, FL: At times, I feel the Steelers look like they are on another level, playing killer ball and can do as they please, then in the next series, we look totally lost within the scheme. Is it just early, and everyone is just taking their time to adjust to all the new players and positions? On Sunday, during the Patriots game, after building a 14-point lead, we looked unstoppable; however, the offense disappeared almost altogether until late in the fourth quarter. Do you have any insights as to why this is going on this year? I know it's still early in the season, but what is going on with our offense? ANSWER: There always is a period of development necessary for every team, and it typically takes the offense longer to round into form than it does the defense. This particular Steelers offense features a new starting quarterback, a new No. 1 wide receiver, a new pass-catching tight end, and a group of young offensive linemen who still are young and in development. I can honestly say that I am just as surprised by the period when the unit operates nearly flawlessly as was the case in the first two and then the last possession of the game against New England as I am frustrated by the lull that gripped the unit through the middle portion of that same game. I cannot definitively tell you why that happens, or what is specifically responsible when it does happen, but my experience is that ebb and flow is pretty common across the league and throughout every season. "What is going on with our offense" is neither an easy nor a simple question to answer, and it's usually more than one thing contributing to the inconsistency. Because if it was just one thing or one player at the root of the problem, that would be an easy fix. Download and listen to the Asked & Answered Podcast here: Apple Podcast | Spotify LEO GARREAU FROM WAUKEE, IA: After a safety can the kicking team attempt an onside kick, if so does it need to be declared? ANSWER: Yes, it is possible for the kicking team to attempt an onside kick after a safety, and in the NFL there is no longer any such thing as a surprise onside kick. JOEL CONSTABLE FROM MYRTLE BEACH, SC: Heard nothing but good things about Roman Wilson during training camp, but it seems he's not utilized in the offensive scheme at all? Is he in Mike Tomlin's doghouse? ANSWER: Never understood the automatic assumption that when a guy isn't getting playing time or targets or carries it's assumed he's in the doghouse. Anyway, the Steelers currently are carrying 5 WRs on their 53-man roster, and the offensive snap breakdown through the first three games is as follows: DK Metcalf with 157 snaps, Calvin Austin III with 141 snaps; Roman Wilson with 41 snaps, Scotty Miller with 22 snaps, and Ben Skowronek with 17 snaps. So far anyway, the Steelers offense has been going with personnel groupings that are tight end-heavy, with Jonny Smith (117 snaps), Pat Freiermuth (97 snaps), and Darnell Washington (69 snaps) all seeing more playing time than any WRs not names Metcalf or Austin. LEE SANCHEZ FROM YUBA CITY, CA: How do you feel about our offensive line after three weeks? ANSWER: Still very much a work in progress, and my own view of the game against the Patriots was that the interior of the offensive line was more of an issue than the two offensive tackles. MICHAEL McDONALD WICHITA, KS: With such a great opportunity of playing in picturesque Ireland, are the players who would not normally travel to an away game afforded the opportunity to travel with the team to Ireland? ANSWER: Because the Steelers will be conducting a couple of practices in Ireland, all of the players on the 53-man roster plus the practice squad will make the trip because they will be necessary. But it's important to understand that this is an NFL regular season game, not a college bowl trip where it's as much about the fun before and after the game than it is about the outcome of the game itself. The Steelers are going to Ireland to win a football game, and so they will take everyone on the trip who is necessary to the preparation and playing of that game. The picturesque island is for the fans to enjoy. CHRISTIAN MARGRIS FROM ORLÃ‰ANS, FRANCE: Against the Patriots we owe the victory to the defense and the turnovers. I'm disappointed with how the offense has been playing so far especially with its inability to create big plays with the passing game. Even when facing third-and-long Aaron Rodgers went with a short pass to Jaylen Warren on several occasions. How do you explain the lack of explosivity in the passing game? ANSWER: In my opinion, the first thing that is absolutely required for an NFL offense to have an explosive and efficient down-the-field passing attack is solid, sustained protection for the passer. Aaron Rodgers has not been getting that on a consistent basis, and until he does I believe the passing game will have to consist of short, quick throws, because there just isn't time for the deeper stuff to develop. CHRIS FREYER FROM CANTON, GA: Are there any rules as to when a player has to go to the blue tent after an injury? If a player goes into the tent does that make any difference as to him being able to return to the game? ANSWER: The blue tent on the sideline that is used for the medical staff to examine or treat an injured player is strictly for privacy concerns. There is not a degree of severity of an injury that requires a trip to the blue tent, nor is there an injury that's too minor for a trip to the blue tent. It's more about keeping cameras out of people's faces while players are examined. BILL GLENN FROM LAWRENCEVILLE, GA: When the quarterback spikes the ball to stop the clock, does it affect his passing statistics? ANSWER: Yes, a spike gets recorded as an incomplete pass. GENT RIVER FROM COLUMBIA, SC: Why isn't Darnell Washington being used as a receiver more in the red zone? Clearly, he would be a matchup problem for defenses. Also, with Aaron Rodgers not being very mobile, why would the Steelers not look for better offensive linemen instead of looking for other receivers? Rodgers won't last 17 games getting hit so much, so often. ANSWER: So far this season, the Steelers are 7-for-8 in the red zone, which means they have scored 7 touchdowns in their 8 trips inside the opponents' 20-yard line. Whatever they're doing in the red zone is working. Quality offensive linemen are not found on the waiver wire or on other teams' practice squads, because there always is a scarcity of quality offensive linemen. Those players are rare and extremely expensive to buy during free agency, which is why the best way to put together a good offensive line is by drafting and developing. Related Content news Asked and Answered: Sept. 28 Heyward, Tomlin walking off the field together has become their tradition news Asked and Answered: Sept. 25 Calling for the snap on a FG or PAT change to make it tougher to block the kick news Asked and Answered: Sept. 21 Many readers took the time to express appreciation and offer tributes to Dale Lolley news Asked and Answered: Sept. 18 The story is the NFL first approached the Steelers about being 'America's Team' news Asked and Answered: Sept. 16 Back in 1990, another Steelers rookie RB had a costly brain cramp on a kickoff news Asked and Answered: Sept. 14 Circumstances likely led to Watt being used the way he was vs. the Jets news Asked and Answered: Sept. 11 Brown moved from TE to RT only after given a whole offseason to prepare news Asked and Answered: Sept. 9 Boswell's game-winner vs. Jets was both a career long and a franchise record news Asked and Answered: Sept. 7 Harrison went from waivers to 2008's Defensive Player of the Year news Asked and Answered: Sept. 4 Miller signed 3 contracts during his 11 seasons with the Steelers news Asked and Answered: Sept. 2 In any Steelers practice, there never is any hitting of the QB allowed Advertising Club Links Club Links TEAM Team Home Roster Depth Chart Coaches Standings Stats Injury Report Transactions Front Office Staff Draft Central NEWS News Home Press Releases Asked and Answered Labriola On Steelers En Español Media Only Site VIDEO Video Home Steelers Live Interviews Sights & Sounds Press Conferences Around the Locker Room Scouting Report Steelers En Español PHOTOS Photos Home Practice Pregame Game Action Karl's Top Pics Community SCHEDULE Schedule Home Current Season Schedule Event Calendar TICKETS Tickets Home Account Manager Buy Tickets NFL Ticket Exchange Gameday Experience Steelers Fan Travel Season Tickets Wait List SBL Marketplace Seat Transfers View From Your Seat Clear Bag Policy FAN ZONE Fan Zone Home Steelers Official Mobile App Contests and Promotions Event Calendar Steelers Podcasts Steelers En Español ACRISURE STADIUM Stadium Home Clear Bag Policy Book an Event Directions Parking Seating Chart Security Guidelines Disability Services Stadium Tours HISTORY History Home Hall of Honor Museum Hall of Honor Hall of Fame Super Bowls COMMUNITY Community Home Community Programs Youth High School Football Showcase Youth Football Camps NFL Clubs NFL Clubs AFC North AFC East AFC South AFC West NFC North NFC East NFC South NFC West More NFL Sites More NFL Sites NFL Football Operations NFL Shop NFL On Location Pro Football Hall of Fame Licensing USA Football NFL Extra Points NFL Ticket Exchange NFL Experience Times Square Download the Official App Download Apps © 2025 Pittsburgh Steelers. All Rights Reserved Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Accessibility Contact Us Site Map Ad Choices Your Privacy Choices Cookie Settings Preference Center Big left arrow icon Big right arrow icon Close icon Copy Url Three dots icon Down arrow icon Email icon Email icon Exit Fullscreen icon External link icon Facebook logo Football icon Facebook logo Instagram logo Snapchat logo YouTube logo TikTok logo Spotify logo LinkedIn logo Grid icon Key icon Left arrow icon Link icon Location icon Mail icon Menu icon Open icon Phone icon Play icon Radio icon Rewind icon Right arrow icon Search icon Select icon Selected icon TV icon Up arrow icon User icon Audio icon Add to calendar icon NFC icon AFC icon NFL icon Carousel Icon List View Website Instagram Twitter Facebook Snapchat Shop Icon Profile Overlay Avatar Add Airplay Arrow Left Arrow Right Arrow Up Arrow Down Audio Back 5s Back 10s Back 30s Calendar Chart Check Down Left Right Up Chromecast Off Chromecast On Close Closed Captions Bench Off Bench On Broad Off Broad On Vertical Off Vertical On Comment Dock Done Download Draft Fantasy Filter Forward 5s Forward 10s Forward 30s Full Screen Off Full Screen On Gamepass Games Insights Key Leave Live Combine Draft Fantasy Menu Games Menu Network Menu News Menu Playoffs Menu Pro Bowl Menu Shop Menu Standings Menu Stats Menu Super Bowl Menu Teams Menu Tickets Menu More Horizontal More Vertical My Location Network News Pause play Multiple Players Single Player Playlist Playoffs Pro Bowl Purge Refresh Remove Search Settings Share Android Share Copy URL Share Email Share Facebook Share Instagram Share iOS Share Snapchat Share Twitter Skip Next Skip Previous Standings Star Stats Swap Teams Tickets Video Visibility Off Visibility On Volume Hi Volume Low Volume Medium Volume Mute Warning Website Caret down Caret up At News Play Audio Gallery Promo Chevron right The browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. It is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. The following browsers are supported: Chrome, Edge (v80 and later), Firefox and Safari. Got it!