Three Icons, One Night of Celebration: Arts Leaders Honored at the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Gala | The Pittsburgh Cultural Trust | @CulturalTrust Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Calendar Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Rent a Space Visit About Donate Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Three Icons, One Night of Celebration: Arts Leaders Honored at the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Gala Tue, Sep  9, 2025 Written by: Andy Sharfman | Videos by Dustin Wickett | Photo by Kirk Lawrence At the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Gala on September 6, community members came together to celebrate the progress made in our region’s arts and culture landscape and the people who make it all possible. For the second year in a row, the Cultural Trust was proud to honor three outstanding individuals through the 2025 Icon Awards. In the videos below, you can hear from the Icon Awardees themselves and a few people whose lives and work have been deeply touched by their brightness. Meet This Year's Honorees Sylvia Fields: Outstanding Leadership A coalition builder whose sharp insights have helped countless nonprofits move the needle on critical community issues. The Burke Family and The Grable Foundation: Outstanding Community Impact A family and foundation whose unwavering dedication to childhood well-being is transforming lives across our region. Christopher Hahn: Outstanding Artistic Contributions An artistic virtuoso whose keen ear and bold approach have left a lasting mark on the world of opera. Tags: Icon Awards Gala Looking for more? Join our email list and get priority access to tickets, news, and events! Email* Join Join Our Newsletter! Learn More Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Contact Us Events Seating Charts Theaters Parking & Directions Galleries Support Volunteer Press Room About Us Blog Administrative Offices: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 803 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Admin: 412-471-6070 Box Office: 412-456-6666 Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.