Pittsburgh Opera: Employment and Internships | Pittsburgh Opera GIVE NOW LOGIN CALENDAR This is a search field with an auto-suggest feature attached. There are no suggestions because the search field is empty. About About Opera Mythbusting Mission & History Strategic Engagement Financial Documents LA BOHÈME Set against the backdrop of bohemian Paris, La Bohème follows four impoverished artists surviving with little more than friendship, passion, and their love for art. Benedum Center, OCTOBER 18, 21, 24, 26, 2025 LEARN MORE Seasons Seasons LA BOHÈME FELLOW TRAVELERS CURLEW RIVER TIME TO ACT FALSTAFF Past Seasons Free & Low Cost Events Special Events LA BOHÈME Set against the backdrop of bohemian Paris, La Bohème follows four impoverished artists surviving with little more than friendship, passion, and their love for art. Benedum Center, OCTOBER 18, 21, 24, 26, 2025 LEARN MORE Tickets Tickets Subscribe Today Opus Pass Group Tickets Promotions and Discounts Student Tickets Give the Gift of Opera Ticketing Info & Policies Accessibility Opera FAQs Free Childcare Services LA BOHÈME Set against the backdrop of bohemian Paris, La Bohème follows four impoverished artists surviving with little more than friendship, passion, and their love for art. Benedum Center, OCTOBER 18, 21, 24, 26, 2025 LEARN MORE Support Support Ways to Give Planned Giving Stay Connected Advertise With Us LA BOHÈME Set against the backdrop of bohemian Paris, La Bohème follows four impoverished artists surviving with little more than friendship, passion, and their love for art. Benedum Center, OCTOBER 18, 21, 24, 26, 2025 LEARN MORE Education Education Educators Students Schools Adults Resources Bravo Academy LA BOHÈME Set against the backdrop of bohemian Paris, La Bohème follows four impoverished artists surviving with little more than friendship, passion, and their love for art. Benedum Center, OCTOBER 18, 21, 24, 26, 2025 LEARN MORE Resident Artists Resident Artists 2025-26 Resident Artists Faculty & Administration Auditions Resident Artist Alumni LA BOHÈME Set against the backdrop of bohemian Paris, La Bohème follows four impoverished artists surviving with little more than friendship, passion, and their love for art. Benedum Center, OCTOBER 18, 21, 24, 26, 2025 LEARN MORE Our Team Our Team Board of Directors Staff Orchestra Chorus Auditions Employment & Internships Official Partners Site Credits LA BOHÈME Set against the backdrop of bohemian Paris, La Bohème follows four impoverished artists surviving with little more than friendship, passion, and their love for art. Benedum Center, OCTOBER 18, 21, 24, 26, 2025 LEARN MORE Facilities Facilities Bitz Opera Factory Hold Your Event at Pittsburgh Opera Production Rentals Office Hours LA BOHÈME Set against the backdrop of bohemian Paris, La Bohème follows four impoverished artists surviving with little more than friendship, passion, and their love for art. Benedum Center, OCTOBER 18, 21, 24, 26, 2025 LEARN MORE EMPLOYMENT & INTERNSHIPS About Opera Mythbusting Mission & History Strategic Impact & Engagement Financial Documents Seasons LA BOHÈME FELLOW TRAVELERS CURLEW RIVER TIME TO ACT FALSTAFF Past Seasons TOSCA CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA/ PAGLIACCI ARMIDA MADAMA BUTTERFLY WOMAN WITH EYES CLOSED THE BARBER OF SEVILLE THE FLYING DUTCHMAN IPHIGÉNIE EN TAURIDE PROVING UP LA TRAVIATA THE PASSION OF MARY CARDWELL DAWSON RUSALKA THE MARRIAGE OF FIGARO ARIODANTE IL TROVATORE DENIS & KATYA WE SHALL NOT BE MOVED THE MAGIC FLUTE THE ROSE ELF IN A GROVE CARMEN BLUE Free & Low Cost Events Song Shop Concerts Family Day Pre-Opera Talks Meet The Artists Community Concerts WQED Broadcasts Allegheny County Summer Concert Series Special Events Diamond Diva Disco Pittsburgh Opera Fashion Show Maecenas Tickets Subscribe Today Opus Pass Group Tickets Promotions and Discounts Student Tickets Cheap Seats Give the Gift of Opera Ticketing Info & Policies Accessibility Opera FAQs Free Childcare Services Support Ways to Give Individual Giving Galaxy Society Monthly Giving Corporate Giving Sponsorships Resident Artist Sponsorships Production Sponsorships Event Sponsorships Planned Giving Stay Connected Get Involved FRIENDS of Pittsburgh Opera Pittsburgh Opera New Guard Volunteer Advertise With Us Education Educators Students Schools Adults Resources Study Guides Bravo Academy Resident Artists 2025-26 Resident Artists Maeve Berry Shannon Crowley Lauryn Davis Dana Kinney Erik Nordstrom Matthew Soibelman Logan Wagner Audrey Welsh Faculty & Administration Robert Boldin, Director of Artistic Operations Glenn Lewis, Head of Music Mark Trawka, Director of Musical Studies and Chorus Master James Lesniak, Associate Coach/Pianist Auditions Resident Artist Alumni Our Team Board of Directors Staff Christopher Hahn, General Director Antony Walker, Music Director Orchestra Chorus Auditions Employment & Internships Official Partners Solich Piano at Pittsburgh Opera Site Credits Facilities Bitz Opera Factory Hold Your Event at Pittsburgh Opera Production Rentals Office Hours Current Media Releases Pittsburgh Opera presents romance, broken hearts, free concerts, disco, and more this fall Pittsburgh Opera is proud to announce its stellar class of 2025-26 Resident Artists Pittsburgh Opera to host 18th Annual Piano Sale August 21st-24th Christopher Hahn to retire after 2025-26 Season Pittsburgh Opera announces its 87th season Pittsburgh Opera presents Haydn’s 'Armida' Jan. 25–Feb.2, 2025 Pittsburgh Opera presents drama, intrigue, murder and more this fall Pittsburgh Opera announces its 2024-25 Resident Artists Music Director Antony Walker receives 5-year contract extension Pittsburgh Opera to offer free childcare during La Traviata matinee Pittsburgh Opera announces first of its kind rideshare voucher program Emily Richter a Grand Finals Winner of Metropolitan Opera’s Laffont Competition Close No Events EVENTS ‹ › Today Jump To: Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec A typical day at the office? The 2018 Diamond Horseshoe Ball. Photo by Andrew Stein, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette Employment Staff Pittsburgh Opera is currently seeking a full-time Office and Operations Manager. A full job description is below. Pittsburgh Opera General Director Christopher Hahn will retire at the conclusion of Pittsburgh Opera’s 2025-26 season. Pittsburgh Opera has retained the services of Margaret Genovese of Genovese Vanderhoof & Associates to conduct a comprehensive search for Mr. Hahn’s replacement. More information is available below in the 'General Director' section of this webpage. Internships Pittsburgh Opera is not currently seeking paid interns at this time. Ambassadors Learn about becoming one of our Student Ambassadors or Voice Teacher Ambassadors below. OFFICE AND OPERATIONS MANAGER View this as a PDF POSITION DESCRIPTION The Office and Operations Manager is a member of the Company’s operations and production team. They will be responsible for implementing a wide variety of aspects related to the day-to-day operations of the Pittsburgh Opera and events at the Bitz Opera Factory. The Office and Operations Manager will play a key role in the maintenance, cleanliness, security, and appearance of the building for all visitors. POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES Building Operations Manager Coordinate schedules of outside vendors, HVAC, Fire suppression, and office equipment Provide building and events schedule for the Bitz Opera Factory to custodial service staff Administer Door access system Manage daily on-site garage parking and event parking for Pittsburgh Opera Events Tracking maintenance requests New hire orientation (building tour and standard office procedures and orientation) Office Manager Manage our front desk and ensure a friendly and welcoming atmosphere Answer office phone Receive visitors and guests Manage and assist staff with outgoing and incoming mail and package delivery Ensure daily mail is distributed and sent accordingly Manage accounts with shipping vendor Maintain office supplies inventory Basic office and Kitchen supplies Manage technology service relationships Act as operational contact with information technology service provider Maintain supply inventory for devices QUALIFICATIONS Minimum of 2 years of experience in office administration or operations management. High school graduate or GED equivalent Ability to work performances, meetings, and community outreach events on nights and/or weekends Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Ability to deliver a high level of customer service Have the ability to move boxes and furniture weighing up to 30lbs routinely Familiarity with Microsoft Office Suite and other industry-standard software Familiarity with administrative tasks related to office and building management Experiences successfully creating and/or modifying processes Salary and Benefits The position is full-time exempt. The salary range for this position is $47,000 to $49,000. An offer will be based on experience and demonstrated skills. Benefits include medical and vision insurance, paid vacation, and holidays. To apply Please send a cover letter and resume to Steven Grair, Director of Production, at Office Manager Search . GENERAL DIRECTOR Pittsburgh Opera seeks its next visionary leader As it looks forward to its 87th season, Pittsburgh Opera—one of America’s most artistically respected and community-driven opera companies—invites recommendations and applications for the position of General Director. Our innovative and transformational leader, Christopher Hahn, retires at the end of the 2025-26 season . During his 26-year tenure, first as Artistic Director (2000) and then as General Director (since 2008), Pittsburgh Opera has become a national model of creativity, inclusivity, and resilience. His leadership has brought new vitality, audiences, and acclaim to the company. A full job description is available here . The Deadline for Application is Monday, September 15, 2025. Interested candidates are invited to submit a letter of interest, resume and the names/contact information for four professional references, in confidence to: Margaret Genovese Senior Partner, Genovese Vanderhoof & Associates 416-340-2762; contact via email ABOUT PITTSBURGH OPERA INTERNSHIPS The Pittsburgh Opera Internship Program seeks mutually beneficial relationships with individual interns who are interested in opera, whether from an artistic or an organizational perspective. Each intern will be provided with opportunities to be creative, to accomplish real-life work that furthers the mission of Pittsburgh Opera, and to develop personally and professionally. In return, Pittsburgh Opera will receive valuable assistance that contributes significantly to the organization’s goals. Internships run at various times throughout the year and are available in several areas, including development, artistic, production, and education. To apply for an internship, please send a letter of intent, resume, and a letter of reference from an academic advisor to: Internship Programs Kristin Gatch, Executive Assistant Pittsburgh Opera 2425 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 No phone calls, please. STUDENT AMBASSADORS Become a Student Ambassador! Now is a perfect time to become a Student Ambassador, spreading the word about Pittsburgh Opera and enjoying exclusive benefits!  Established by five intrepid women in 1939, Pittsburgh Opera is viewed as one of the most vibrant opera organizations in the U.S., with a rich artistic tradition, outstanding educational programs, and a progressive outlook toward the future that we want you to be a part of. Even if you don’t know much about opera (yet!), if you’re outgoing and enthusiastic then we’d love to work with you. For those interested in a career in arts marketing or education, becoming a Student Ambassador is great opportunity to gain firsthand experience while enhancing your resume.  Student Ambassadors will be asked to hang posters on campus and to be a presence at campus fairs/events.  Most importantly, we want to hear YOUR ideas about how best to share Pittsburgh Opera with your fellow students. As a Pittsburgh Opera Student Ambassador, you’ll receive: A pair of complimentary tickets to each Benedum Center production A free membership to the New Guard, Pittsburgh Opera’s young professional network Networking opportunities with Pittsburgh Opera staff and other Student Ambassadors If you can entice your fellow students to buy tickets over the course of the season, you can earn even more benefits ! 5+ tickets – Get the star treatment with a pair of VIP seats at the Song Shop concert of your choice 15+ tickets – See the show before anyone else with an invite to a Benedum Center show final dress rehearsal Please contact us via email letting us know why you would make a great Ambassador and an example of how you’d like to promote the opera on campus. We look forward to hearing from you! VOICE TEACHER AMBASSADOR Pittsburgh Opera knows that the opera stars we love to see on stage would never be able to share the beauty and thrill of the operatic voice without the teachers that helped them along the way. We want to share our love for all voice teachers out there and connect with those who love opera singers as much as we do. Pittsburgh Opera’s Voice Teacher Ambassador program is a new initiative designed for teachers both locally and beyond to enjoy exclusive benefits, share their perspective, and help continue to spread the operatic joy that Pittsburgh Opera is dedicated to bringing to the public. Established by five intrepid women in 1939, Pittsburgh Opera is viewed as one of the most vibrant opera organizations in the U.S., with a rich artistic tradition, outstanding educational programs, and a progressive outlook toward the future that we want you to be a part of. Whether you are a seasoned professor working in a university or run a dedicated private vocal studio, if you are enthusiastic about developing the voices of the world’s opera divas then we’d love to work with you. Voice Teacher Ambassadors will be asked to share Pittsburgh Opera’s digital season of free operatic performances with their students and, as we return to in-person live theater, encourage their students to visit our stages and experience our productions first hand (special student priced tickets are always available). Most importantly, we want to hear YOUR ideas about how best to share Pittsburgh Opera with your students. Please contact us via email to discuss. We look forward to hearing from you! As a Pittsburgh Opera Voice Teacher Ambassador, you’ll receive: Complimentary tickets to Opening Night of each of our Benedum Center productions Free admission to our Opera Up Close programs, which offer an in-depth look at the upcoming production with the artists that make them happen Complimentary access to select Master Classes throughout the season Access to complimentary “Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion (EDI) in the Arts” workshops Virtual and In-Person Networking Participation in surveys and “think tanks” with other industry professionals Access to select educational resources 2425 LIBERTY AVE. PITTSBURGH, PA 15222 P. 412-281-0912 Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Contact Us Directions & Parking Auditions Employment Media Releases Privacy Policy Site Map Board Of Directors Login BUY TICKETS GIVE NOW SUBSCRIBE ©2025 PITTSBURGH OPERA