A special game for the Rooney family Skip to main content Primary nav GAMEDAY TEAM SCHEDULE NEWS VIDEO PHOTOS FANS EN ESPAÑOL HALL OF HONOR MUSEUM STEELERS AUDIO NETWORK DRAFT HISTORY ALUMNI WOMEN OF STEEL YOUTH EN ESPAÑOL STEELERS IRELAND AUF DEUTSCH COMMUNITY STADIUM Shop Tickets Search Open menu button Action related nav TICKETS PRO SHOP WATCH LIVE NFL GAMES Labriola On Asked and Answered Press Releases Game Notes Xtra Points Game Recap Opponents On Press Conference Reaction Steelers Digest Steelers En Español Advertising A special game for the Rooney family Sep 26, 2025 at 01:58 PM Teresa Varley Steelers.com Copied! As the Steelers were practicing on a 'pitch' just outside of Dublin, Ireland on Friday afternoon, Steelers President Art Rooney II couldn't help but feel a sense of pride and excitement. While the team prepared for Sunday's game against the Minnesota Vikings at Croke Park, he watched as a dream was beginning to unfold It's a dream that began with his father, late Steelers Chairman and U.S. Ambassador to Ireland Dan Rooney Sr., and has now come to fruition. The first NFL regular season game in Ireland, and the Steelers are a part of it. "It's an exciting time for us to be here in Ireland and a trip we were hoping to make for many years now," said Art Rooney. "So, it finally happened. I was pinching myself earlier in the week thinking we finally did this. So, we're excited to be here and looking forward to Sunday. "I would have been upset if we weren't the first ones to play in Ireland. Let's put it that way. So, the commissioner cooperated with us and so that's what makes it very exciting. "Just seeing the guys over here this morning and knowing we're going to be able to play this game on Sunday, it's just a great feeling. "My dad would love this. He would love it. I think about him a lot this week. I'm sure he'll be looking down on us on Sunday and enjoying the spectacle." Dan Rooney, Art's son and the Steelers Vice President of Business Development and Strategy was also a key player in having the game in Dublin and the Steelers securing NFL Global Marketing rights in Ireland. "I think about my grandfather," said Dan Rooney. "And my dad had the vision for the Steelers to really push forward into the Irish market in a big way. So, I know my grandfather would be proud of this. We played here in 1997 in a preseason game. "I would say it's a dream come true that we're here for a regular season game. "We've been working on this for quite a while, since 2023 when we announced the Global Markets license in Ireland. From the watch parties we've held at Croke Park, which have all been sellouts, to all of the youth football camps we've been holding across the island for the last few years. "Being able to get current players like Pat Freiermuth over here and former players like Jerome Bettis who's here right now, enjoying the island and engaging with the people, it's been awesome." Art Rooney spoke to the team earlier this week, addressing them in the first team meeting of game prep and shared what the game in Dublin meant to everyone. "Just wanted them to understand that it was something that we had been planning on for a long time," said Art Rooney. "I wish I had more time to kind of walk them through a little more history of Ireland, but I at least wanted them to know that it's something special for us. I showed them a hurling stick and told them a little bit about Croke Park and this special place that it is in Irish history." While this is the first game being played in Ireland, Art Rooney is hoping it isn't the last. "I think there'll be more games in Dublin for sure," said Art Rooney. "The ticket demand has been unbelievable. I think we convinced the league this was a good idea based on that. I think there will be more games in Dublin. Hopefully we'll be in one of them." Related Content news Labriola on the win over the Vikings Wilson's effort in running down Addison came at a critical time in the game news From the Press Room: Steelers vs. Vikings Coach Mike Tomlin and players shared their take on the impact of the Rooney family, winning in Ireland and Steelers Nation news Steelers defeat Vikings, 24-21, in Ireland Effective run game, playmaking defense key 24-21 win news Gainwell is Steelers Digest Player of the Week His 99 yards, 5.2 average, 2 TDs were a big part of the victory over Minnesota news Ireland Blog: Home sweet home...kind of Follow along for all of the news, notes and activities as a part of the Steelers visit to Dublin, Ireland to take on the Minnesota Vikings this week news WATCH: Steelers Kickoff - Week 4 vs Vikings KDKA's Bob Pompeani and Rich Walsh preview the Steelers Week 4 game against the Viking news Steelers inactives for Week 4 vs Vikings Find out who won't play tonight as the Steelers take on the Minnesota Vikings at Croke Park in Dublin, Ireland news Tomlin on Flores, timeout vs. NE, Wentz 'You hate to see good men go ... and he certainly fits that bill' news Asked and Answered: Sept. 28 Heyward, Tomlin walking off the field together has become their tradition news Sermon elevated for Vikings game The Steelers made roster moves ahead of the Vikings game news Steelers vs. Vikings: How to watch/listen to the game Complete coverage of how to watch, listen and live stream the Steelers' Week 4 matchup with the Minnesota Vikings Advertising Club Links Club Links TEAM Team Home Roster Depth Chart Coaches Standings Stats Injury Report Transactions Front Office Staff Draft Central NEWS News Home Press Releases Asked and Answered Labriola On Steelers En Español Media Only Site VIDEO Video Home Steelers Live Interviews Sights & Sounds Press Conferences Around the Locker Room Scouting Report Steelers En Español PHOTOS Photos Home Practice Pregame Game Action Karl's Top Pics Community SCHEDULE Schedule Home Current Season Schedule Event Calendar TICKETS Tickets Home Account Manager Buy Tickets NFL Ticket Exchange Gameday Experience Steelers Fan Travel Season Tickets Wait List SBL Marketplace Seat Transfers View From Your Seat Clear Bag Policy FAN ZONE Fan Zone Home Steelers Official Mobile App Contests and Promotions Event Calendar Steelers Podcasts Steelers En Español ACRISURE STADIUM Stadium Home Clear Bag Policy Book an Event Directions Parking Seating Chart Security Guidelines Disability Services Stadium Tours HISTORY History Home Hall of Honor Museum Hall of Honor Hall of Fame Super Bowls COMMUNITY Community Home Community Programs Youth High School Football Showcase Youth Football Camps NFL Clubs NFL Clubs AFC North AFC East AFC South AFC West NFC North NFC East NFC South NFC West More NFL Sites More NFL Sites NFL Football Operations NFL Shop NFL On Location Pro Football Hall of Fame Licensing USA Football NFL Extra Points NFL Ticket Exchange NFL Experience Times Square Download the Official App Download Apps © 2025 Pittsburgh Steelers. All Rights Reserved Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Accessibility Contact Us Site Map Ad Choices Your Privacy Choices Cookie Settings Preference Center Big left arrow icon Big right arrow icon Close icon Copy Url Three dots icon Down arrow icon Email icon Email icon Exit Fullscreen icon External link icon Facebook logo Football icon Facebook logo Instagram logo Snapchat logo YouTube logo TikTok logo Spotify logo LinkedIn logo Grid icon Key icon Left arrow icon Link icon Location icon Mail icon Menu icon Open icon Phone icon Play icon Radio icon Rewind icon Right arrow icon Search icon Select icon Selected icon TV icon Up arrow icon User icon Audio icon Add to calendar icon NFC icon AFC icon NFL icon Carousel Icon List View Website Instagram Twitter Facebook Snapchat Shop Icon Profile Overlay Avatar Add Airplay Arrow Left Arrow Right Arrow Up Arrow Down Audio Back 5s Back 10s Back 30s Calendar Chart Check Down Left Right Up Chromecast Off Chromecast On Close Closed Captions Bench Off Bench On Broad Off Broad On Vertical Off Vertical On Comment Dock Done Download Draft Fantasy Filter Forward 5s Forward 10s Forward 30s Full Screen Off Full Screen On Gamepass Games Insights Key Leave Live Combine Draft Fantasy Menu Games Menu Network Menu News Menu Playoffs Menu Pro Bowl Menu Shop Menu Standings Menu Stats Menu Super Bowl Menu Teams Menu Tickets Menu More Horizontal More Vertical My Location Network News Pause play Multiple Players Single Player Playlist Playoffs Pro Bowl Purge Refresh Remove Search Settings Share Android Share Copy URL Share Email Share Facebook Share Instagram Share iOS Share Snapchat Share Twitter Skip Next Skip Previous Standings Star Stats Swap Teams Tickets Video Visibility Off Visibility On Volume Hi Volume Low Volume Medium Volume Mute Warning Website Caret down Caret up At News Play Audio Gallery Promo Chevron right The browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. It is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. The following browsers are supported: Chrome, Edge (v80 and later), Firefox and Safari. Got it!