Tours | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens Toggle navigation Blog Collection Equity Membership Rentals Café Shop Donate Plan Your Visit Visit Hours & Admission Today at the Frick Directions & Transit Site Map Accessibility Tours Group Visits Field Trips Explore The Frick Plan Your Visit See and Do See and Do The Frick Grounds Today at the Frick Programs and Events Events By Age Group Make the most of your visit Plan Ahead Calendar Learn Learn For Educators Family Programs Workshops Adult Programs Summer Camps Outreach Explore from anywhere Virtual Museum Exhibitions Exhibitions Current Exhibitions Upcoming Exhibitions Past Exhibitions Virtual Exhibitions Now On View The Scandinavian Home Support Membership The Frick Societies Reciprocal Museums Member Portal Donate Legacy Planning Gifts of Stock Qualified Charitable Distributions Corporate Giving EITC Our Supporters Tickets membership Home Tours Tours Experience art, history, and nature on a guided tour. Clayton Tours Gilded, Not Golden 2025 Gilded, Not Golden tours run through Sunday, November 9 Immerse yourself in 1892, a pivotal year for our nation, Pittsburgh, and the Frick family. Learn more about the Gilded, Not Golden tour . SCHEDULE A TOUR "Our tour guide was excellent! Her knowledge and command of the history was excellent. It was clear that she has a love of her job. That's engaging. We had a youngster (about 10 - 12 years old) in our group. He was very bright and was not shy. Our guide did an excellent job of responding to him while not losing track of her objective. She integrated his quizzical mind into the interaction. It was actually amusing to the entire group. I really appreciate the efforts that the museum put into the development of the new tours." - William S. Clayton Preservation Tour 2025 Preservation Tours Run through Saturday, November 1 Explore Clayton's evolution from a family home to a public museum on this specialty preservation tour. SCHEDULE A TOUR Home for the Holidays at Clayton Home For The Holidays tours run from Saturday, November 22 through Sunday, January 4 Celebrate the season and take in the cheerful atmosphere of a home decked for the holidays on a specialty tour of Clayton! SCHEDULE A TOUR VIP Private Clayton Tour Dates: Available Tuesday-Friday Duration: 2 hours Location: Clayton Cost: $1,500 Capacity: Up to 6 people Get exclusive access to Clayton for a fully customized private tour catered to your interests, including behind-the-scenes access to objects rarely on view. Advanced reservation is required; based on staff availability. Payment in full is required one month before your visit. Contact 412-342-4087 or email education@thefrickpittsburgh.org . Frick Art Museum Tours Guided Tours of The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore Dates: Wednesdays, Fridays, and Saturdays Time: 1:00 p.m. and 2:30 p.m. Duration: Approximately one hour Location: The Frick Art Museum Cost: Free with exhibition admission Join a guided tour of The Scandinavian Home to explore the art, culture and identity of Scandinavia. Exhibition admission is required. Tour participants can meet their gallery facilitator in the rotunda of the Frick Art Museum. For groups of eight to twenty people, please email Education@thefrickpittsburgh.org to reserve a guided tour. Guided group tours of the exhibition are scheduled based on availability at a cost of $20 per person. Car and Carriage Museum Tours Guided Tours of the Car and Carriage Museum Dates: Saturdays Time: 1:00 p.m. and 3:00 p.m. Duration: Approximately one hour Location: The Car and Carriage Museum Cost: Free Join a guided tour of the Car and Carriage Museum and discover the impact of a transportation revolution as you explore the story of America's transition from carriage to car. Tour participation is free and registration is not required. Meet your guide at the entrance to the Car and Carriage Museum. For groups of ten or more people, please email Education@thefrickpittsburgh.org for information about a guided group tour. Overview Hours & Admission Today at the Frick Directions & Transportation Plan Your Visit Site Map Accessibility Tours Group Visits Keep up to date with news and events from The Frick Pittsburgh newsletter. The Frick Pittsburgh 7227 Reynolds St. Pittsburgh, PA 15208 Hours: Monday: Closed Tuesday-Sunday: Gardens and grounds open 8 AM-8PM View detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org Contact Media Inquiries Employment Rentals Partnership Programs Membership About Our Mission Annual Report & Strategic Plan Board of Trustees Trustee Portal Member Portal Leadership Accessibility Inclusion Land Acknowledgement Press Releases Photo Policy Trustee Login The Frick legacy The Frick Family Historic Home & Gardens Copyright 2018 | The Frick Pittsburgh | Website by Blue Archer × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!