Leadership | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens Toggle navigation Blog Collection Equity Membership Rentals Café Shop Donate Plan Your Visit Visit Hours & Admission Today at the Frick Directions & Transit Site Map Accessibility Tours Group Visits Field Trips Explore The Frick Plan Your Visit See and Do See and Do The Frick Grounds Today at the Frick Programs and Events Events By Age Group Make the most of your visit Plan Ahead Calendar Learn Learn For Educators Family Programs Workshops Adult Programs Summer Camps Outreach Explore from anywhere Virtual Museum Exhibitions Exhibitions Current Exhibitions Upcoming Exhibitions Past Exhibitions Virtual Exhibitions Now On View The Scandinavian Home Support Membership The Frick Societies Reciprocal Museums Member Portal Donate Legacy Planning Gifts of Stock Qualified Charitable Distributions Corporate Giving EITC Our Supporters Tickets membership Home Leadership Leadership Amanda Dunyak Gillen, Executive Director On April 9, 2025, The Frick Pittsburgh named Amanda Dunyak Gillen as the organization's next Executive Director. Learn More Amanda has served the museum for more than 20 years, holding various roles spanning the Curatorial and Education departments before becoming head of the Learning department in 2013. In addition to overseeing all adult, student and family programs related to the museum’s diverse collection, Amanda has been responsible for initiatives under the Frick’s Strategic Plan and supported the recent award-winning reinterpretation project at Clayton. In prior years, she was part of the design team for the Frick’s $15 million dollar expansion that resulted in the creation of a new Visitor Center, a renovated Car & Carriage Museum, collections storage, and a new Education Center with facilities to support programming for learners of all ages and needs. Amanda earned a B.A. in History from Allegheny College, where she also received a certificate in Elementary Education, and an M.A. in Public History from Duquesne University. Barry Adams, Director of Human Resources Barry Adams joined the Frick in June of 2019 as Manager of Human Resources and was made Director in April 2021. He earned his B.S. in Human Resources from Point Park University and has over 25 years of HR experience. Most recently, he retired from the Allegheny County Port Authority where he was Chief Human Resources Officer. His work history includes Westinghouse Electric Corp., Equitable Resources (now EQT), and Schwan’s Home Service. Dawn Reid Brean, Chief Curator & Director of Collections Dawn joined the Frick as Associate Curator of Decorative Arts in 2015. In her current role, she oversees the care, exhibition, and interpretation of the Frick’s permanent collection and temporary exhibitions. She has played an instrumental role in continuing the Frick’s programming with contemporary artists, including an artist-in-residency with celebrated citizen-artist Vanessa German. A graduate of the College of William and Mary, Dawn earned her M.A. in Museum Studies from the Cooperstown Graduate Program. Kristin Garbarino, Director of Marketing & Communications As Director of Marketing and Communications since November 2022, Kristin brings fresh, strategic thinking to bear on all aspects of the museum’s marketing and communications, ensuring that the Frick’s website, social media accounts, print materials, advertisements, and campus wayfinding reflect its inclusive goals. Kristin comes to the Frick from Carnegie Mellon University, where she has served since 2018, most recently, as Associate Marketing Director at the Tepper School of Business. Prior to joining the Tepper School of Business, she served as the Director of Digital Marketing & Engagement at the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust. Lisa Gehring, Director of Finance Lisa Gehring joined the Frick staff in October 2019 as Director of Finance. In this role, she oversees the museum’s $5M operating budget and manages various aspects of the $70M endowment. Lisa brings over 15 years of not-for-profit accounting experience, most recently as the Senior Director of Finance at Manchester Bidwell Corporation. She is a licensed CPA, with a B.S. in Accounting from Grove City College. Robert W. Henninger, Director of Operations Rob joined the Frick as Director of Operations in October 2022 and manages the museum's maintenance, grounds, and housekeeping teams. Additionally, Rob guides all capital projects across our historic 10-acre, 10-building site. He came to the Frick from Kennywood Park, the National Historic Landmark traditional amusement park founded in 1898, where he has served for 32 years, most recently as Assistant General Manager and Director of Maintenance and Construction. With broad-ranging experience in mentoring effective teams, managing multi-million-dollar capital projects and improvements, and implementing safety initiatives, Rob pairs operations expertise with deep commitment to diplomatic, quality visitor service. Ashley Legg, Director of Enterprise & Visitor Services Ashley joined the Frick team in 2025 as Director of Enterprise and Visitor Services, in which she oversees Visitor Services, The Café at the Frick, the Frick Museum Store, and Events. Ashley brings over a decade of museum experience to the team, with expertise in Visitor Services operations and management. She strives to create intentionally welcoming and inclusive visitor experiences for all, with the help of talented frontline teams. Ashley holds a bachelor's degree in history from the University of Colorado. Kelsie Paul, Director of Learning & Visitor Experience Kelsie has more than a decade of museum experience in education and interpretation, sharing her passion for history and the arts with visitors at the Frick since 2017. She currently serves as the Director of Learning and Visitor Experience, overseeing learning department initiatives and supporting the work of a talented staff of educators and guides. In her previous role as Manager of Interpretation and Engagement, Kelsie managed the development and implementation of the Frick’s award-winning new Clayton tour, Gilded Not Golden. She is a graduate of the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign with a degree in History and she earned her Master’s degree in Museum Studies from The George Washington University. Prior to moving to Pittsburgh, Kelsie began her museum career at two presidential sites, President Lincoln’s Cottage and George Washington’s Mount Vernon. Mark Springer, Director of Safety & Security Mark Springer is a veteran of the United States Navy with over 17 years of experience in law enforcement as a police officer. He has also served as Chief of Police in two communities in Western Pennsylvania. Following his law enforcement career, Mr. Springer has spent the last 20 years in various prominent security leadership roles within the Pittsburgh security market in both Operations and Business Development. He brings extensive experience in contract security services and security technology to the Frick. Additionally, Mark is a licensed private investigator in Allegheny County and has been recognized as a CHS-IV by the American Board for Certification in Homeland Security. Suzanne Wray, Director of Advancement & Engagement Suzanne joined the Frick as the Director of Advancement & Engagement in March of 2024. With a distinguished career spanning various cultural and educational institutions, Suzanne returns to her Pittsburgh roots from eastern Pennsylvania and New Jersey, where she made significant contributions to organizations such as the New Jersey State Aquarium, Free Library of Philadelphia, and the Philadelphia Orchestra. Most recently, she served as the Director of Development at the Princeton Symphony Orchestra, where she spearheaded successful fundraising campaigns and played a pivotal role in establishing the organization's Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) task force. Suzanne began her career in Pittsburgh, serving in development roles at the Pittsburgh Opera and the Bach Choir of Pittsburgh. She holds a Bachelor’s degree in Music Performance and Music Education, as well as a Master of Arts Management degree, all from Carnegie Mellon University. Our Mission Annual Report & Strategic Plan Leadership Board of Trustees Press Releases Keep up to date with news and events from The Frick Pittsburgh newsletter. The Frick Pittsburgh 7227 Reynolds St. Pittsburgh, PA 15208 Hours: Monday: Closed Tuesday-Sunday: Gardens and grounds open 8 AM-8PM View detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org Contact Media Inquiries Employment Rentals Partnership Programs Membership About Our Mission Annual Report & Strategic Plan Board of Trustees Trustee Portal Member Portal Leadership Accessibility Inclusion Land Acknowledgement Press Releases Photo Policy Trustee Login The Frick legacy The Frick Family Historic Home & Gardens Copyright 2018 | The Frick Pittsburgh | Website by Blue Archer × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!