Tickets | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens Toggle navigation Blog Collection Equity Membership Rentals Café Shop Donate Plan Your Visit Visit Hours & Admission Today at the Frick Directions & Transit Site Map Accessibility Tours Group Visits Field Trips Explore The Frick Plan Your Visit See and Do See and Do The Frick Grounds Today at the Frick Programs and Events Events By Age Group Make the most of your visit Plan Ahead Calendar Learn Learn For Educators Family Programs Workshops Adult Programs Summer Camps Outreach Explore from anywhere Virtual Museum Exhibitions Exhibitions Current Exhibitions Upcoming Exhibitions Past Exhibitions Virtual Exhibitions Now On View The Scandinavian Home Support Membership The Frick Societies Reciprocal Museums Member Portal Donate Legacy Planning Gifts of Stock Qualified Charitable Distributions Corporate Giving EITC Our Supporters membership Home Tickets Tickets From historic home tours and stunning art exhibitions to educational opportunities and community events, there's something for everyone at The Frick Pittsburgh. Special Exhibitions The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore This season, book a trip to Scandinavia but leave your passport behind. From landscapes to lore, hand-carved heirlooms to resplendent tapestries, The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore invites you into a world where domestic and mythic intertwine. This never-before-seen private collection is one of the finest in North America — and its premiere showing is at The Frick Pittsburgh. BUY TICKETS Clayton Tours of Clayton are currently offered Tuesdays through Sundays. Advance reservations are strongly recommended. Gilded, Not Golden 2025 Gilded, Not Golden tours run through Sunday, November 9 Immerse yourself in 1892, a pivotal year for our nation, Pittsburgh, and the Frick family. Learn more about the Gilded, Not Golden tour . SCHEDULE A TOUR Preservation Tour 2025 Preservation Tours Run through Saturday, November 1 Explore Clayton's evolution from a family home to a public museum on this specialty preservation tour. Learn about Clayton's extensive restoration in the late 1980's and ongoing efforts to preserve the home for the future. SCHEDULE A TOUR Home for the Holidays at Clayton Home For The Holidays tours run from Saturday, November 22 through Sunday, January 4 Celebrate the season and take in the cheerful atmosphere of a home decked for the holidays on a specialty tour of Clayton! SCHEDULE A TOUR Other Events In addition to long-term exhibitions and signature tour experiences, the Frick also offers numerous other ticketed events, workshops, activities, and more. Browse the full calendar below. UPCOMING EVENTS Free Admission Tickets are not required to visit the Car and Carriage Museum or the Frick Art Museum's permanent collection . Keep up to date with news and events from The Frick Pittsburgh newsletter. The Frick Pittsburgh 7227 Reynolds St. Pittsburgh, PA 15208 Hours: Monday: Closed Tuesday-Sunday: Gardens and grounds open 8 AM-8PM View detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org Contact Media Inquiries Employment Rentals Partnership Programs Membership About Our Mission Annual Report & Strategic Plan Board of Trustees Trustee Portal Member Portal Leadership Accessibility Inclusion Land Acknowledgement Press Releases Photo Policy Trustee Login The Frick legacy The Frick Family Historic Home & Gardens Copyright 2018 | The Frick Pittsburgh | Website by Blue Archer × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!