Rental Events | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens Toggle navigation Blog Collection Equity Membership Rentals Café Shop Donate Plan Your Visit Visit Hours & Admission Today at the Frick Directions & Transit Site Map Accessibility Tours Group Visits Field Trips Explore The Frick Plan Your Visit See and Do See and Do The Frick Grounds Today at the Frick Programs and Events Events By Age Group Make the most of your visit Plan Ahead Calendar Learn Learn For Educators Family Programs Workshops Adult Programs Summer Camps Outreach Explore from anywhere Virtual Museum Exhibitions Exhibitions Current Exhibitions Upcoming Exhibitions Past Exhibitions Virtual Exhibitions Now On View The Scandinavian Home Support Membership The Frick Societies Reciprocal Museums Member Portal Donate Legacy Planning Gifts of Stock Qualified Charitable Distributions Corporate Giving EITC Our Supporters Tickets membership Home Rental Events Rental Events at the Frick A beautiful outdoor setting located in the city, The Frick Pittsburgh is the ideal canvas to create your unique wedding, corporate event, or special gathering. To inquire about availability and pricing, please fill out the inquiry form linked below. Event Inquiry Form We Have A Space For You Our Spaces Car & Carriage Museum Trio The Car & Carriage Museum Trio includes the Community Room, Courtyard, and Terrace. Capacities (Community Room) Classroom Style Seating: 70 Sit-Down Dinner: 60 Cocktail Reception: 100 Capacities (Courtyard) Seated Ceremony: 200 Sit-Down Dinner: 150 Cocktail Reception: 200 Capacities (Terrace) Seated Ceremony: 30 Cocktail Reception: 40 Community Room The Car & Carriage Museum Community Room includes the Community Room and Terrace. Capacities (Community Room) Classroom Style Seating: 70 Sit-Down Dinner: 60 Cocktail Reception: 100 Capacities (Terrace) Seated Ceremony: 30 Cocktail Reception: 40 Great Lawn The Great Lawn includes the Great Lawn and The Parlor, a warmly refinished meeting space in the historic Frick Playhouse. Capacities Sit-Down Dinner: 250 Cocktail Reception: 300 Seated Ceremony: 250 Greenhouse Mini Ceremony Offered after 5:00 p.m. only. Twenty guest maximum. Frick Art Museum Terrace Prices include 1 hour of event time, 1 hour of setup time, and 1 hour of tear-down time. Additional hours available at an additional cost. Capacities Sit-Down Dinner: 125 Cocktail Reception: 200 Seated Ceremony: 250 Orchard Offered after 5:00 p.m. only. Facility only. Capacities Seated Ceremony: 250 PLEASE NOTE: The Frick Art Museum Rotunda, The Frick Art Museum Galleries, and Clayton are not available as rental spaces Find Your Inspiration Explore Stories On Burgh Brides Meaningful Garden Wedding at The Frick | August 25, 2025 Bright Whimsical Garden Wedding at The Frick | April 28, 2025 Floral Filled DIY Wedding at The Frick | November 6, 2023 Find Us On The Knot More Information Brochures Wedding Brochure Private Rentals Brochure Keep up to date with news and events from The Frick Pittsburgh newsletter. The Frick Pittsburgh 7227 Reynolds St. Pittsburgh, PA 15208 Hours: Monday: Closed Tuesday-Sunday: Gardens and grounds open 8 AM-8PM View detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org Contact Media Inquiries Employment Rentals Partnership Programs Membership About Our Mission Annual Report & Strategic Plan Board of Trustees Trustee Portal Member Portal Leadership Accessibility Inclusion Land Acknowledgement Press Releases Photo Policy Trustee Login The Frick legacy The Frick Family Historic Home & Gardens Copyright 2018 | The Frick Pittsburgh | Website by Blue Archer × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!