The Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Calendar Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Rent a Space Visit About Donate Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh Subscriptions on Sale Now! Join us for a wicked season of spells, spectacles, and speakeasies as the best of Broadway heads to Pittsburgh. Subscribe See the Lineup Scroll Down Time left to complete order SIX Tue, Oct  7 - Sun, Oct 12, 2025 Benedum Center PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh Broadway & Musical Theater Queen Bitch: John Cameron Mitchell Sings David Bowie Fri, Oct  3, 2025 Byham Theater Dentons Cohen & Grigsby TRUST PRESENTS Broadway & Musical Theater Hell's Kitchen Tue, Nov  4 - Sun, Nov  9, 2025 Benedum Center PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh Broadway & Musical Theater A Drag Queen Christmas Wed, Nov 19, 2025 Byham Theater Outback Presents and Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Elmo and Friends Say Hello Sun, Nov 30, 2025 Byham Theater Round Room Presents Family An Evening with Joe Bonamassa Sat, Mar  7, 2026 Benedum Center J&R Adventures Live Music Concert See all Events We're always bringing more to our audience. It's time to take your seats for an entire season of outstanding arts and entertainment. The Pittsburgh Cultural Trust offers season tickets and packages so that you can enjoy a host of great benefits including priority seating, ticket exchanges, and special offers. Browse Our Series Trust Family Memorable performances for every age Pittsburgh Dance Council 2025-2026 subscriptions on sale now Giving brings art to life. Become a donor Downtown Art Galleries Free and open to the public Harris Theater Year-round art films Liberty Magic Ranked #1 thing to do in Pittsburgh Go backstage in the Cultural District Three Icons, One Night of Celebration: Arts Leaders Honored at the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Gala" For the second year in a row, the Cultural Trust was proud to honor three outstanding individuals through the 2025 Icon Awards. Meet This Year's Awardees A Puppy’s Guide Dog Training: The Benedum Center Edition On a warm spring day, a special guest approaches the Benedum Center front doors. He’s wearing a blue bandana and he’s very excited to visit a new place where he can discover new smells and meet new people... Meet Ace Finding Joy Through “Magic with Mr. Messado” If you’ve ever attended a show at the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust’s Liberty Magic venue, you’ve witnessed the unique brand of wonder that takes place within those walls. It’s the kind of experience that Terri Bell, the Cultural Trust’s Vice President of Strategic Partnerships and Community Engagement, wanted to share more broadly with the community... Read On More Stories Looking for more? Join our email list and get priority access to tickets, news, and events! Email* Join Join Our Newsletter! Learn More Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Contact Us Events Seating Charts Theaters Parking & Directions Galleries Support Volunteer Press Room About Us Blog Administrative Offices: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 803 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Admin: 412-471-6070 Box Office: 412-456-6666 Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.