Membership | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens Toggle navigation Blog Collection Equity Membership Rentals Café Shop Donate Plan Your Visit Visit Hours & Admission Today at the Frick Directions & Transit Site Map Accessibility Tours Group Visits Field Trips Explore The Frick Plan Your Visit See and Do See and Do The Frick Grounds Today at the Frick Programs and Events Events By Age Group Make the most of your visit Plan Ahead Calendar Learn Learn For Educators Family Programs Workshops Adult Programs Summer Camps Outreach Explore from anywhere Virtual Museum Exhibitions Exhibitions Current Exhibitions Upcoming Exhibitions Past Exhibitions Virtual Exhibitions Now On View The Scandinavian Home Support Membership The Frick Societies Reciprocal Museums Member Portal Donate Legacy Planning Gifts of Stock Qualified Charitable Distributions Corporate Giving EITC Our Supporters Donate Membership FAQs Home Support Membership Join & Support Membership You can make a difference. The Frick depends on our members and donors to help us continue to offer vibrant cultural programming to our region. Thanks to you, we can continue to be a place where audiences of all ages can discover the art, history, and nature that make the Frick such a special place. Members are provided with enhanced opportunities to enjoy all that the Frick has to offer through free admission, discounts, events, and much more. And now, you are able to make a virtual visit to the Frick at any time through our online experiences and activities . Questions about Membership? Having trouble reserving a ticket on our website? Please call the MEMBERS HOTLINE at 412-342-4086. Join Frequently Asked Questions Support Overview Membership The Frick Societies Donate Legacy Planning Gifts of Stock Qualified Charitable Distributions Corporate Giving Benefits for All FREE admission to The Frick Art Museum, the Car and Carriage Museum, tours of Clayton, and all touring exhibitions (timed tickets recommended) FREE or discounted registration for exciting programs, including virtual programs, expert panel discussions, author talks, workshops, and more Invitations to exclusive member-only events and previews. 10% discount at The Café at the Frick* 10% discount in the Frick Museum Store, plus invitations to extra discount days All members receive E-newsletters and updates about programming and special events Membership Levels Individual - $65 Benefits for one adult. Benefits: FREE admission to The Frick Art Museum, the Car and Carriage Museum, tours of Clayton, and all touring exhibitions FREE or discounted registration for exciting programs, including virtual programs, expert panel discussions, author talks, workshops, and more Invitations to exclusive member-only events and previews. 10% discount at The Café at the Frick* 10% discount in the Frick Museum Store, plus invitations to extra discount days All members receive E-newsletters and updates about programming and special events 100% tax-deductible Join Renew Gift Dual - $90 Benefits for two. At least one member must be 18 years or older. Benefits: FREE admission to The Frick Art Museum, the Car and Carriage Museum, tours of Clayton, and all touring exhibitions FREE or discounted registration for exciting programs, including virtual programs, expert panel discussions, author talks, workshops, and more Invitations to exclusive member-only events and previews. 10% discount at The Café at the Frick* 10% discount in the Frick Museum Store, plus invitations to extra discount days All members receive E-newsletters and updates about programming and special events 100% tax-deductible Join Renew Gift Family - $100 Membership Benefits for two adults plus children or grandchildren under age 18. Membership benefits for two adults plus children or grandchildren under age 18. PLUS FREE admission to more than 1,000 museums through North American Reciprocal Museums (NARM), Reciprocal Organizations of Associated Museums (ROAM), and Art Museum Reciprocal Network (AMRN). Benefits: FREE admission to The Frick Art Museum, the Car and Carriage Museum, tours of Clayton, and all touring exhibitions FREE or discounted registration for exciting programs, including virtual programs, expert panel discussions, author talks, workshops, and more Invitations to exclusive member-only events and previews 10% discount at The Café at the Frick* 10% discount in the Frick Museum Store, plus invitations to extra discount days All members receive E-newsletters and updates about programming and special events 100% tax-deductible Join Renew Gift Fellow - $150 Family Membership Benefits Plus Much More.... Family Membership Benefits plus access to additional member events. Benefits: FREE admission to more than 1,000 museums through NARM, ROAM and AMRN Free access to additional member-exclusive programs FREE admission to The Frick Art Museum, the Car and Carriage Museum, tours of Clayton, and all touring exhibitions FREE or discounted registration for exciting programs, including virtual programs, expert panel discussions, author talks, workshops, and more Invitations to exclusive member-only events and previews 10% discount at The Café at the Frick* 10% discount in the Frick Museum Store, plus invitations to member extra discount days E-newsletters and updates about programs and special events 100% tax-deductible Join Renew Gift Patron - $300 Fellow Membership Benefits plus free admission for two guests every time you visit Clayton and touring exhibitions and recognition in donor listing. Benefits: Free admission for two guests every time you visit Clayton and touring exhibitions Free access to additional member exclusive programs FREE admission to more than 1,000 museums through NARM, ROAM and AMRN Recognition in donor listing FREE admission to The Frick Art Museum, the Car and Carriage Museum, tours of Clayton, and all touring exhibitions FREE or discounted registration for exciting programs, including virtual programs, expert panel discussions, author talks, workshops, and more Invitations to exclusive member-only events and previews 10% discount at The Café at the Frick* 10% discount in the Frick Museum Store, plus invitations to extra discount days All members receive E-newsletters and updates about programming and special events 100% tax-deductible Join Renew Gift Benefactor - $500 Patron Membership Benefits plus free admission for four guests every time you visit Clayton and touring exhibitions. Patron Membership Benefits plus: FREE admission for four guests every time you visit Clayton and touring exhibitions Free access to additional member exclusive programs Recognition in donor listing Free admission to more than 1,000 museums through NARM, ROAM and AMRN FREE admission to The Frick Art Museum, the Car and Carriage Museum, tours of Clayton, and all touring exhibitions FREE or discounted registration for exciting programs, including virtual programs, expert panel discussions, author talks, workshops, and more Invitations to exclusive member-only events and previews 10% discount at The Café at the Frick* 10% discount in the Frick Museum Store, plus invitations to extra discount days All members receive E-newsletters and updates about programming and special events 100% tax-deductible Join Renew Gift The Frick Societies - $1000+ Be a part of an exclusive group that influences the future of the Frick, and help to maintain it as a cultural institution of the highest caliber for future generations! Combined annual giving of $1,000 or more will entitle you to become a member of this leadership group as well as provide vital ongoing philanthropic support for exhibitions, programming, and the care and growth of the Frick’s diverse collections. Learn More Teacher - $65 Individual Membership Benefits for one adult plus discounts on Act 48 programs, workshops, studio classes, and events. Benefits: FREE admission to The Frick Art Museum, the Car and Carriage Museum, tours of Clayton, and all touring exhibitions FREE or discounted registration for exciting programs, including virtual programs, expert panel discussions, author talks, workshops, and more Invitations to exclusive member-only events and previews 10% discount at The Café at the Frick* 10% discount in the Frick Museum Store, plus invitations to extra discount days All members receive E-newsletters and updates about programming and special events 100% tax-deductible Join Renew Gift ADA - $30 Benefits for one person and one aide. To plan your best experience at the Frick, visit our Accessibility page. Benefits: FREE admission to The Frick Art Museum, the Car and Carriage Museum, tours of Clayton, and all touring exhibitions FREE or discounted registration for exciting programs, including virtual programs, expert panel discussions, author talks, workshops, and more Invitations to exclusive member-only events and previews 10% discount at The Café at the Frick* 10% discount in the Frick Museum Store, plus invitations to extra discount days All members receive E-newsletters and updates about programming and special events 100% tax-deductible Join Renew Gift Senior - $45 Benefits for one person, 65+. Benefits: FREE admission to The Frick Art Museum, the Car and Carriage Museum, tours of Clayton, and all touring exhibitions FREE or discounted registration for exciting programs, including virtual programs, expert panel discussions, author talks, workshops, and more Invitations to exclusive member-only events and previews 10% discount at The Café at the Frick* 10% discount in the Frick Museum Store, plus invitations to extra discount days All members receive E-newsletters and updates about programming and special events 100% tax-deductible Join Renew Gift Student - $20 Benefits for one student. Benefits: FREE admission to The Frick Art Museum, the Car and Carriage Museum, tours of Clayton, and all touring exhibitions FREE or discounted registration for exciting programs, including virtual programs, expert panel discussions, author talks, workshops, and more Invitations to exclusive member-only events and previews. 10% discount at The Café at the Frick* 10% discount in the Frick Museum Store, plus invitations to extra discount days All members receive E-newsletters and updates about programming and special events 100% tax-deductible Join Renew Gift *Not valid on specialty prefix or holiday teas Get More From Your Membership Reciprocal Museums Starting at the Fellow level, members of the Frick receive free admission to more than 800 museums through NARM, ROAM and AMRN. Learn More More Ways to Donate Matching Gifts Matching gifts are an easy way to increase the impact of your gift to the Frick at no additional cost to you. Learn More Keep up to date with news and events from The Frick Pittsburgh newsletter. The Frick Pittsburgh 7227 Reynolds St. Pittsburgh, PA 15208 Hours: Monday: Closed Tuesday-Sunday: Gardens and grounds open 8 AM-8PM View detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org Contact Media Inquiries Employment Rentals Partnership Programs Membership About Our Mission Annual Report & Strategic Plan Board of Trustees Trustee Portal Member Portal Leadership Accessibility Inclusion Land Acknowledgement Press Releases Photo Policy Trustee Login The Frick legacy The Frick Family Historic Home & Gardens Copyright 2018 | The Frick Pittsburgh | Website by Blue Archer × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!