Employment | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens Toggle navigation Blog Collection Equity Membership Rentals Café Shop Donate Plan Your Visit Visit Hours & Admission Today at the Frick Directions & Transit Site Map Accessibility Tours Group Visits Field Trips Explore The Frick Plan Your Visit See and Do See and Do The Frick Grounds Today at the Frick Programs and Events Events By Age Group Make the most of your visit Plan Ahead Calendar Learn Learn For Educators Family Programs Workshops Adult Programs Summer Camps Outreach Explore from anywhere Virtual Museum Exhibitions Exhibitions Current Exhibitions Upcoming Exhibitions Past Exhibitions Virtual Exhibitions Now On View The Scandinavian Home Support Membership The Frick Societies Reciprocal Museums Member Portal Donate Legacy Planning Gifts of Stock Qualified Charitable Distributions Corporate Giving EITC Our Supporters Home Employment Join Our Creative Team Join a talented team of employees who daily draw inspiration from the Frick’s world-class art exhibitions, rich, local history and beautiful grounds and gardens. If you’d like to find your passion and are ready to take that next step, apply for one of the opportunities listed below. How to Apply Please send a cover letter and resume by applying directly through JazzHR. Apply Today Need technical or accessibility assistance with the application process? Applicants with a disability who require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process may contact our human resources team for assistance at HR@TheFrickPittsburgh.org The Frick Pittsburgh embraces diversity as a proposition that is central to the organization’s mission. In building and serving diverse audiences, the Frick affirms and supports diversity of persons and ideas both within the organization and the communities it serves. Frick Employees Enjoy Competitive salary and benefits Open and collaborative environment Discounts in both The Museum Store and The Café at the Frick Free on-site parking Employee Assistance Program Free museum privileges and guest passes to share with family and friends Regularly scheduled employee appreciation events, and much more Staff Contact Info Media Inquiries Employment Accessibility Partnerships Hours & Admission Keep up to date with news and events from The Frick Pittsburgh newsletter. The Frick Pittsburgh 7227 Reynolds St. Pittsburgh, PA 15208 Hours: Monday: Closed Tuesday-Sunday: Gardens and grounds open 8 AM-8PM View detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org Contact Media Inquiries Employment Rentals Partnership Programs Membership About Our Mission Annual Report & Strategic Plan Board of Trustees Trustee Portal Member Portal Leadership Accessibility Inclusion Land Acknowledgement Press Releases Photo Policy Trustee Login The Frick legacy The Frick Family Historic Home & Gardens Copyright 2018 | The Frick Pittsburgh | Website by Blue Archer × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!