Steelers Style | Pittsburgh Steelers - Steelers.com Skip to main content There's no place like home and no place you would rather be than at Steelers Style, presented by Amazon, Neighborhood Ford Store, PNC, UPMC, and UPMC Health Plan. Join us to watch our players and their families walk the runway for an evening of football, fashion, and fun. Be a part of the largest and most anticipated fundraising event of the year benefitting Steelers Charities, a 5013C that supports UPMC Sports Medicine Concussion Program, Cancer Bridges, and the Chuck Noll Foundation. You won't want to miss this! Coordinated efforts from players, personnel, and local fashion designers come together for this event, created to show off players and their families in their best looks. Our models will be highlighting this season's latest fashion trends, provided by local retailers, national and international fashion brands. BUY TICKETS TICKET LEVELS AND PRICING BENEFICIARIES UPMC Sports Medicine Concussion Program The University of Pittsburgh Medical Center (UPMC) Sports Medicine Concussion Program, established in 2000, is the first of its kind and largest ongoing clinical service and research program that focuses on diagnosis, evaluation and management of sports-related concussion in athletes of all levels. Led by Michael Collins, PhD, the program's internationally known team of clinicians and researchers are world leaders in studying the neurocognitive effects of sports-related concussion and pioneering the development of better methods of post-concussion evaluation to determine when it is safe for an athlete to return to sports. The team provides oversight and consultation to assist sports teams' medical staff in making objective return-to-play decisions after the occurrence of sports-related concussion. MORE INFORMATION DONATE NOW Cancer Bridges Cancer Bridges supports those impacted by cancer through a variety of free programs and services and has been a proud beneficiary of Steelers Style since 1992. The organization provides a warm and welcoming environment for everyone impacted by cancer, including those with a diagnosis, survivors, and those who have a loved one with cancer or have experienced the loss of a loved one due to cancer. Cancer Bridges serves individuals of all ages and offers nearly 200 programs monthly, providing emotional, social, and informational tools for adults, youth, and families through counseling sessions, support groups, health and wellness programs, social activities, and more. To learn more, visit our website at www.cancerbridges.org or call 412-338-1919. MORE INFORMATION DONATE NOW Chuck Noll Foundation The Steelers launched the Chuck Noll Foundation for Brain Injury Research in 2016 to support continued research and education regarding brain injuries and treatment of sports-related concussions. The Foundation funds research that it believes is the most promising in the area of sports-related concussions and related conditions. To help best evaluate which research programs to fund, some of the most renowned neurosurgeons in the country serve on a national medical advisory panel. MORE INFORMATION DONATE NOW CONTENT AND COVERAGE WATCH: Rock Steelers Style 2023 recapÂ On Friday, the Steelers held Rock Steelers Style 2023,Â benefiting the UPMC Sports Medicine Concussion Program, Cancer Bridges, and the Chuck Noll Foundation Steelers rock the night on the runway Rock Steelers Style brought football, fashion and plenty of fun all for a good cause PHOTOS: Rock Steelers Style 2023 Photos from Rock Steelers Style benefiting UPMC Sports Medicine Concussion Program, Cancer Bridges, and the Chuck Noll Foundation PHOTOS: Rock Steelers Style 2023 green carpet Photos from the green carpet at Rock Steelers Style Steelers rock the runway Players and their families hit the runway for the annual Rock Steelers Style fashion show WATCH: Rock Steelers Style 2022 Steelers players and their families hit the runway at Rock Steelers Style 2022: 'A New Era', the team's annual fashion show held at Stage AE. PHOTOS: Rock Steelers Style 2022: A New Era green carpet Photos from the green carpet at Rock Steelers Style: A New Era PHOTOS: Rock Steelers Style 2022: A New Era Photos from Rock Steelers Style: A New Era benefiting UPMC Sports Medicine Concussion Program, Cancer Bridges, and the Chuck Noll Foundation PHOTOS: Take the Stage: Rock Steelers Style 2019 The Pittsburgh Steelers take the stage supporting the UPMC Sports Medicine Concussion Program and the Cancer Caring Center PHOTOS: Rock Steelers Style 2018: A Signature Night Photos from Rock Steelers Style 2018: A Signature Night at Stage AE. PHOTOS: 2017 Rock Steelers Style Fashion Show Photos from Rock Steelers Style 2017: Football, Family & Fun at Stage AE. PHOTOS: 2016 Rock Steelers Style Fashion Show The Steelers showed off their swag at the 2016 Rock Steelers Style Fashion Show at Stage AE. Presenting Partners Corporate Partner Supporting Partners NEED ASSISTANCE? Click here to chat << RETURN TO HOMEPAGE Big left arrow icon Big right arrow icon Close icon Copy Url Three dots icon Down arrow icon Email icon Email icon Exit Fullscreen icon External link icon Facebook logo Football icon Facebook logo Instagram logo Snapchat logo YouTube logo TikTok logo Spotify logo LinkedIn logo Grid icon Key icon Left arrow icon Link icon Location icon Mail icon Menu icon Open icon Phone icon Play icon Radio icon Rewind icon Right arrow icon Search icon Select icon Selected icon TV icon Up arrow icon User icon Audio icon Add to calendar icon NFC icon AFC icon NFL icon Carousel Icon List View Website Instagram Twitter Facebook Snapchat Shop Icon Profile Overlay Avatar Add Airplay Arrow Left Arrow Right Arrow Up Arrow Down Audio Back 5s Back 10s Back 30s Calendar Chart Check Down Left Right Up Chromecast Off Chromecast On Close Closed Captions Bench Off Bench On Broad Off Broad On Vertical Off Vertical On Comment Dock Done Download Draft Fantasy Filter Forward 5s Forward 10s Forward 30s Full Screen Off Full Screen On Gamepass Games Insights Key Leave Live Combine Draft Fantasy Menu Games Menu Network Menu News Menu Playoffs Menu Pro Bowl Menu Shop Menu Standings Menu Stats Menu Super Bowl Menu Teams Menu Tickets Menu More Horizontal More Vertical My Location Network News Pause play Multiple Players Single Player Playlist Playoffs Pro Bowl Purge Refresh Remove Search Settings Share Android Share Copy URL Share Email Share Facebook Share Instagram Share iOS Share Snapchat Share Twitter Skip Next Skip Previous Standings Star Stats Swap Teams Tickets Video Visibility Off Visibility On Volume Hi Volume Low Volume Medium Volume Mute Warning Website Caret down Caret up At News Play Audio Gallery Promo Chevron right The browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. It is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. The following browsers are supported: Chrome, Edge (v80 and later), Firefox and Safari. Got it!