Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra Skip to main content Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra Menu Search Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra Search Tickets Single Tickets Subscriptions Choose
                        Your Own Special Rates Groups Students & Teachers Service Members Series Classics Pops Fiddlesticks Specials Saturday Sessions About Musicians Music
                        Director PSO
                        Conductors President
                        & CEO Advertise More Learning Visit Seating Charts Frequently
                    Asked Questions Dining Directions More Give Donate Now! Individual
                    Giving Corporate
                    Partnerships Gala More Shop Merchandise CDs Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Time left to complete order Come Swing with Me Fri, Oct  3 - Sun, Oct  5, 2025 Heinz Hall Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra Live Music Concert Ben Folds Tue, Oct  7, 2025 Heinz Hall Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra Speaker Series: Anthony Fauci Wed, Oct  8, 2025 Heinz Hall Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra Talks & Poetry New Series: Saturday Sessions Have you ever listened to a piece and wanted to know the story behind it? That’s exactly what you’ll get at our new concert series: Saturday Sessions. Learn More Only 100 Days Until Christmas! The holidays are fast approaching! Secure your spot in Heinz Hall to celebrate Pittsburgh's most timeless seasonal activity with the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra. Learn More Fall at Heinz Hall As the weather cools down, things are heating up with our new season beginning this fall! Here are some highlights and delights coming your way. Learn More Subscriptions Available for the 25/26 Season! Reserve your spot for the upcoming season for the best price, and view the lineup of unforgettable performances coming next season. Learn More Choose Your Own Subscriptions Are Back! Our choose your own packages let you save 15% off single ticket prices when you choose 3 or more concerts from PNC Pops, Movies, or BNY Classics concerts. Learn More NEW Iconic Films with Live Orchestra Experience your favorite films on the big screen with iconic scores performed live by your Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra. Learn More New Recording! Requiem: Mozart's Death in Words and Music Academy Award® and Golden Globe®­ winning film and Broadway star F. Murray Abraham joins Manfred Honeck and the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra for Honeck’s dramatic conception of “Requiem: Mozart’s Death in Words and Music.” Learn More RAD Pass: Year-Round Fun for Everyone Announcing the year-long expansion of RAD Pass, an online ticketing platform that gives Allegheny County library cardholders free and discounted access to some of the region’s most beloved cultural destinations, like the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra.. Learn More PSO Go Full-time high school, college and graduate/post-graduate students as well as pre-K through 12th grade full-time teachers can join now for discounted prices to PSO performances. Learn More Looking for more? Join our email list and get priority access to tickets, news, and events for the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra and Heinz Hall Enter your email address Join Now No Thanks Social Media Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Join Our Email List Click here to subscribe to our
        email list for up-to-date notifications about concerts and events,
        access to special pre-sales, ticket discounts and other special offers! Address Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra 600 Penn Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Box Office Phone 412-392-4900 Contact Us Hours Weekdays 10:00 AM to 6:00 PM Monday ONLY - Box Office closed for walk-up sales Weekdays with performances 10:00 AM to 30 minutes after start of performance Closed on non-performance days Saturday 12:00 PM to 30 minutes after start of performance Closed on non-performance days Sunday 12:00 PM to 4:00 PM Closed on non-performance days Get Tickets Single Tickets Subscriptions Choose Your Own Special Rates Groups Students & Teachers Service Members Further Information Groups Students & Teachers Service Members About Musicians Music Director PSO Conductors President & CEO Advertise Press Room More Learning Visit Seating Charts FAQ Dining Directions More Give Donate Now! Individual Giving Corporate Partnerships Gala More Shop Privacy Policy Public Disclosure Documents Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.