From the Press Room: Steelers vs. Vikings Skip to main content Primary nav GAMEDAY TEAM SCHEDULE NEWS VIDEO PHOTOS FANS EN ESPAÑOL HALL OF HONOR MUSEUM STEELERS AUDIO NETWORK DRAFT HISTORY ALUMNI WOMEN OF STEEL YOUTH EN ESPAÑOL STEELERS IRELAND AUF DEUTSCH COMMUNITY STADIUM Shop Tickets Search Open menu button Action related nav TICKETS PRO SHOP WATCH LIVE NFL GAMES Labriola On Asked and Answered Press Releases Game Notes Xtra Points Game Recap Opponents On Press Conference Reaction Steelers Digest Steelers En Español Advertising From the Press Room: Steelers vs. Vikings Sep 28, 2025 at 05:31 PM Teresa Varley Steelers.com Copied! Irish eyes were smiling: The Steelers put on a show in front of 74,000 people at Croke Park in Dublin on Sunday, defeating the Minnesota Vikings, 24-21, in the first NFL regular season game ever in Ireland. It was a game late Steelers Chairman and Ambassador to Ireland Dan Rooney envisioned years ago, and Coach Mike Tomlin spoke from the heart when sharing what the win meant. "We talked a lot about the late, great Ambassador Rooney last night (at the team meeting)," said Tomlin. "I know he's smiling at us today. It's just an honor to fulfill his vision, to bring NFL football to Dublin. "I've been thinking about him a lot on a personal level." Tomlin overall was impressed by the entire experience in Dublin, sharing his appreciation for all aspects of how the team was treated throughout their stay. "I just can't express enough the reception that we got here," said Tomlin. "The hospitality, the accommodations, the service -- it was all topnotch. "It's an honor to represent American football here in Dublin." The win over the Vikings certainly helped to accentuate all of the other aspects. "It was just a great trip," said Tomlin. "Obviously, a component of it being a great trip is doing the job, and thankfully we were able to do that. "We made it a little more entertaining than maybe it should have been, but the Vikings had a lot to do with that. That group's got a lot of fight. They're well coached. "It's just a fun atmosphere, good to get a win. Good to go into the bye in the position that we're in." As Tomlin said, the Steelers do have a bye this week, allowing them to get some rest following the overseas trip, as well as get some players back to full health, in the secondary in particular. The team was already without cornerback Joey Porter Jr. on Sunday, and safety DeShon Elliott returned to the field after missing two games injured. Cornerback Jalen Ramsey suffered a hamstring injury in the Vikings game, although he was able to return, and Darrius Slay (cleated) and Brandin Echols (cramps) both had issues. "We're leaking in some areas, so it's probably at an appropriate time, but to be honest with you, I've never had a bye that didn't seem like it didn't come at the appropriate time," said Tomlin. Tomlin said the injuries in the secondary played a role in the 81-yard reception from Carson Wentz to Jordan Addison in the fourth quarter, that eventually led to a touchdown to close the gap to, 24-21. "We were leaking bad at that juncture," said Tomlin. "I think we had a big nickel in and three safeties, and that's not ideal. Under the circumstance, you're really limited in terms of your schematics. You can't play man to man, so it was what it was, but we were able to get out of the stadium." Getting the ground game going: The Steelers went into Sunday's game against the Minnesota Vikings without starting running back Jaylen Warren, after players talked during the week about wanting to establish the ground game. But the running game didn't miss a beat, with Kenneth Gainwell and Kaleb Johnson carrying the load, with Gainwell carrying the ball 15 times for 99 yards, and the ground game putting up 131 total yards. "I thought Kenny G, Kenny Gainwell, if you're a football fan, you know who he is, and you followed his career," said quarterback Aaron Rodgers of the running back who signed with the Steelers this offseason after playing for the Eagles. "It seemed like every time he went in the game, for me as a football fan with Philly, I was like, man, this guy is really good. He should get more touches. "When I came here, I knew what kind of player he was. I tell him all the time, he's an absolute baller. "So, any opportunity he gets. Kenny has been great all year." The ground game played a key role in the Steelers 24-21 win over the Vikings, a win that was made even more special for the players based on the Rooney family history in Ireland. Coach Mike Tomlin talked to the players in a team meeting on Saturday night, sharing stories and the importance of the Rooney family in Ireland. It gave the players an extra push on Sunday, wanting to win for a family that has given so much to Pittsburgh, Ireland and the NFL. "I'm not going to share exactly what he said last night, but it was definitely impactful," said Rodgers. "Coach T talked about his relationship with the late, great Ambassador (Dan) Rooney and how much he meant to him and how much Ambassador Rooney loved football, loved the guys, and loved his appointment here in Ireland. "Me personally, I'm a little older, so I appreciate the history. There were a lot of us that wanted to win it a little bit more for the family, knowing how much affection they have for this area. "I enjoyed that talk last night from Coach T. Again, I really enjoyed everything that we experienced here." An amazing atmosphere: 'Renegade' blared over the stadium's speakers. Terrible Towels were twirling everywhere. 'Here We Go Steelers' chants were deafening. If you read the above, you would assume the Steelers would have a game at Acrisure Stadium. But instead, that was the environment at Croke Park in Dublin, Ireland, where the Steelers defeated the Minnesota Vikings on Sunday. "It was incredible," said linebacker T.J. Watt. "Hats off to the Rooney family for establishing this culture here and having this fan base following us the way that they do. I think you have to acknowledge the Rooney family first and foremost. "The fans were absolutely incredible today, and I wish I could say I'm surprised, but I'm not. They're everywhere, and they're incredible, and it was a fun atmosphere today." While Sunday's game was one of 17, and players treated it like that, there was a little something extra. The fact that the Rooney family has their roots in Ireland, and late Steelers Chairman and Ambassador to Ireland Dan Rooney had a vision to play a regular season game in Ireland, there was a little extra on the line. "Absolutely," said Watt. "We definitely had a chip on our shoulder. "Mike T [Tomlin], before last night, gave a big speech on the importance of the Rooney family here in Ireland, Mr. Rooney and his Ambassadorship here and how important this game means to their family. "We take a lot of pride in that, and to go out and play Steelers football was huge." And that they did. The defense did what they take pride in, holding the Vikings to only 70 yards rushing. "It's like we talk about each and every week," said Watt. "It's fun to get teams one dimensional. Obviously, that's us doing the job. That's the offense doing their job. Special teams had some great plays too. "It's a whole lot of fun. Steelers Nation came out today and really showed out. Really happy about that and happy about the win." A special bond: Of all the players on the Steelers roster, defensive tackle Cameron Heyward is the only one who truly knew late Steelers Chairman and U.S. Ambassador to Ireland Dan Rooney. He understood Rooney's love of Ireland, his love of football. And he knew he wanted the two to come together in a regular season game. Having the opportunity to be a part of that game, especially a win, meant everything to Heyward. "For our team and our organization, I think it's big," said Heyward. "I think me and Mike T [Tomlin] are the only ones that really had a relationship with Mr. Rooney. For us it's a big thank you. He's responsible for bringing us both in. "To follow The Chief (Art Rooney Sr.) and see what he built on top of that -- I was telling the players it was uncommon for an owner to shake every man's hand and look them in their eyes and ask about their family and ask about what's going on day in and day out. Training camp, practice, games. "I could tell Art Rooney (II) was very excited about this game. He was carrying around his hurling stick, and he was explaining that sacred ground we got to play in and the importance of this game to the family. I think that resonates with a lot of our players. "But Mr. (Dan) Rooney, I think we were all very thankful to have this game here. I just felt like, man, if we got a chance to play in Dublin, this is a game we always circled on our calendar. I'm glad we got the win overseas." Related Content news From the Press Room: Steelers at Patriots Coach Mike Tomlin, quarterback Aaron Rodgers and defensive tackle Cameron Heyward shared their take on the win over the Patriots news From the Press Room: Steelers vs. Seahawks Coach Mike Tomlin, quarterback Aaron Rodgers and linebacker T.J. Watt spoke following the loss to the Seahawks news From the Press Room: Steelers at Jets Coach Mike Tomlin, quarterback Aaron Rodgers and linebacker Alex Highsmith shared their take on the Week 1 win news From the Press Room: Steelers at Ravens Top takes following the Steelers Wild Card loss to the Ravens news From the Press Room: Steelers vs. Bengals Focusing on the postseason is now the key news From the Press Room: Steelers vs. Chiefs Top takes from the postgame podium following the Steelers loss to the Chiefs news From the Press Room: Steelers at Ravens Â Top takes from the Steelers postgame podium following the loss to the Ravens news From the Press Room: Steelers at Eagles Coach Mike Tomlin, quarterback Russell Wilson and defensive tackle Cameron Heyward shared their thoughts on Sunday's loss to the Eagles news From the Press Room: Steelers vs. Browns Coach Mike Tomlin, quarterback Russell Wilson, defensive tackle Cameron Heyward and safety DeShon Elliott share their take on Sunday's win over the Browns news From the Press Room: Steelers at Bengals Coach Mike Tomlin, quarterback Russell Wilson and linebacker T.J. Watt take a look back at the win over the Bengals news From the Press Room: Steelers at Browns Coach Mike Tomlin, quarterback Russell Wilson and defensive tackle Cameron Heyward give their take on the loss to the Browns Advertising Club Links Club Links TEAM Team Home Roster Depth Chart Coaches Standings Stats Injury Report Transactions Front Office Staff Draft Central NEWS News Home Press Releases Asked and Answered Labriola On Steelers En Español Media Only Site VIDEO Video Home Steelers Live Interviews Sights & Sounds Press Conferences Around the Locker Room Scouting Report Steelers En Español PHOTOS Photos Home Practice Pregame Game Action Karl's Top Pics Community SCHEDULE Schedule Home Current Season Schedule Event Calendar TICKETS Tickets Home Account Manager Buy Tickets NFL Ticket Exchange Gameday Experience Steelers Fan Travel Season Tickets Wait List SBL Marketplace Seat Transfers View From Your Seat Clear Bag Policy FAN ZONE Fan Zone Home Steelers Official Mobile App Contests and Promotions Event Calendar Steelers Podcasts Steelers En Español ACRISURE STADIUM Stadium Home Clear Bag Policy Book an Event Directions Parking Seating Chart Security Guidelines Disability Services Stadium Tours HISTORY History Home Hall of Honor Museum Hall of Honor Hall of Fame Super Bowls COMMUNITY Community Home Community Programs Youth High School Football Showcase Youth Football Camps NFL Clubs NFL Clubs AFC North AFC East AFC South AFC West NFC North NFC East NFC South NFC West More NFL Sites More NFL Sites NFL Football Operations NFL Shop NFL On Location Pro Football Hall of Fame Licensing USA Football NFL Extra Points NFL Ticket Exchange NFL Experience Times Square Download the Official App Download Apps © 2025 Pittsburgh Steelers. All Rights Reserved Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Accessibility Contact Us Site Map Ad Choices Your Privacy Choices Cookie Settings Preference Center Big left arrow icon Big right arrow icon Close icon Copy Url Three dots icon Down arrow icon Email icon Email icon Exit Fullscreen icon External link icon Facebook logo Football icon Facebook logo Instagram logo Snapchat logo YouTube logo TikTok logo Spotify logo LinkedIn logo Grid icon Key icon Left arrow icon Link icon Location icon Mail icon Menu icon Open icon Phone icon Play icon Radio icon Rewind icon Right arrow icon Search icon Select icon Selected icon TV icon Up arrow icon User icon Audio icon Add to calendar icon NFC icon AFC icon NFL icon Carousel Icon List View Website Instagram Twitter Facebook Snapchat Shop Icon Profile Overlay Avatar Add Airplay Arrow Left Arrow Right Arrow Up Arrow Down Audio Back 5s Back 10s Back 30s Calendar Chart Check Down Left Right Up Chromecast Off Chromecast On Close Closed Captions Bench Off Bench On Broad Off Broad On Vertical Off Vertical On Comment Dock Done Download Draft Fantasy Filter Forward 5s Forward 10s Forward 30s Full Screen Off Full Screen On Gamepass Games Insights Key Leave Live Combine Draft Fantasy Menu Games Menu Network Menu News Menu Playoffs Menu Pro Bowl Menu Shop Menu Standings Menu Stats Menu Super Bowl Menu Teams Menu Tickets Menu More Horizontal More Vertical My Location Network News Pause play Multiple Players Single Player Playlist Playoffs Pro Bowl Purge Refresh Remove Search Settings Share Android Share Copy URL Share Email Share Facebook Share Instagram Share iOS Share Snapchat Share Twitter Skip Next Skip Previous Standings Star Stats Swap Teams Tickets Video Visibility Off Visibility On Volume Hi Volume Low Volume Medium Volume Mute Warning Website Caret down Caret up At News Play Audio Gallery Promo Chevron right The browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. It is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. The following browsers are supported: Chrome, Edge (v80 and later), Firefox and Safari. Got it!