Stories | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens Toggle navigation Blog Collection Equity Membership Rentals Café Shop Donate Plan Your Visit Visit Hours & Admission Today at the Frick Directions & Transit Site Map Accessibility Tours Group Visits Field Trips Explore The Frick Plan Your Visit See and Do See and Do The Frick Grounds Today at the Frick Programs and Events Events By Age Group Make the most of your visit Plan Ahead Calendar Learn Learn For Educators Family Programs Workshops Adult Programs Summer Camps Outreach Explore from anywhere Virtual Museum Exhibitions Exhibitions Current Exhibitions Upcoming Exhibitions Past Exhibitions Virtual Exhibitions Now On View The Scandinavian Home Support Membership The Frick Societies Reciprocal Museums Member Portal Donate Legacy Planning Gifts of Stock Qualified Charitable Distributions Corporate Giving EITC Our Supporters Tickets membership Home Stories The Frick Pittsburgh Blog Frick Stories All Categories All Categories Collection Insights Recipe Archive The Frick Family The Frick is for Families News Reflections on the Gilded Age Preservation Press Releases Executive Director's Blog Exhibitions All Tags All Tags Architecture art project Arts & Crafts British art Britsburgh car and carriage museum cars ceramics Christmas coffee and culture costumes craft project DIY Driving the Disenfranchised Fashion films free French films Gilded Age Helen Clay Frick Holidays Isabelle de Borchgrave jewelry lecture Letterboxing Monet minute new tours New Year's Day painting photography portraiture Rococo Site Closed sock bunny sport street photography Street Photography to Surrealism suffrage Summer Fridays Thanksgiving The Cafe Travel Valentine's Day Dinner Van Gogh, Monet, Degas VGMD Victorian Era voting women women's art WWI Clear Filters News The Frick Pittsburgh Reframed Through New Brand News From Felt to Final Product: The Frick Pittsburgh's Senior Outreach Art Program Exhibitions Reflections on Kara Walker's "Scene of McPherson's Death" Collection Insights, Preservation Clayton Gets a New (Old) Color The Frick Family, Reflections on the Gilded Age The Holiday Dinner Table: From Turkey to Latkes and... Pistachio Ice Cream? Collection Insights, The Frick Family, Reflections on the Gilded Age Telling Their Stories, Recognizing Their Impact: Spencer Ford loading Keep up to date with news and events from The Frick Pittsburgh newsletter. The Frick Pittsburgh 7227 Reynolds St. Pittsburgh, PA 15208 Hours: Monday: Closed Tuesday-Sunday: Gardens and grounds open 8 AM-8PM View detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org Contact Media Inquiries Employment Rentals Partnership Programs Membership About Our Mission Annual Report & Strategic Plan Board of Trustees Trustee Portal Member Portal Leadership Accessibility Inclusion Land Acknowledgement Press Releases Photo Policy Trustee Login The Frick legacy The Frick Family Historic Home & Gardens Copyright 2018 | The Frick Pittsburgh | Website by Blue Archer × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!