Soul Food Festival in Pittsburgh 2025 | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 66 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Beyond Pittsburgh Transportation Group Tour Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Home Events & Festivals Food Festivals Soul Food Festival Soul Food Festival Savor a soulful taste of the Burgh at Pittsburgh’s can’t miss Soul Food Festival! Soul Food Festival Entertainment Schedule Spice up your Labor Day weekend at Pittsburgh's Soul Food Festival – a mouthwatering celebration of the city's Black culinary, butchery, and food businesses. Established in 2019, this festival honors Pittsburgh's rich history of food service pioneers and entrepreneurs, dating back to 1795 when Charles Richards opened the city's first Black-owned restaurant and lodge. Spend the weekend feasting on soul food dishes from more than 100 small business vendors and food service proprietors, while enjoying live entertainment and engaging activities. Soul Food Festival Event Details Dates: August 29 - 31, 2025 Time: 11 a.m. - 11 p.m. Daily Location: Stanwix Street and Liberty Avenue in Downtown Pittsburgh Admission: FREE Soul Food & Good Times Indulge in a feast for the senses as soul food vendors serve up irresistible dishes. Witness pitmasters battle it out in the sizzling BBQ contest, explore rich cultural activities, and peruse unique crafts from talented vendors. As the aroma of soul food fills the air, visit the stages and dance the night away. View this post on Instagram A post shared by A Soulful Taste of the Burgh (@asoulfultasteoftheburgh) 2025 Entertainment Schedule Check back for more information about Soul Food Festival's music and entertainment lineup. View this post on Instagram A post shared by A Soulful Taste of the Burgh (@asoulfultasteoftheburgh) Plan Your Trip Maximize your Soul Food Festival experience by exploring everything Downtown Pittsburgh has to offer. When planning your visit , consider booking your stay at one of the many hotels near Market Square to be steps away from the festivities. Downtown Pittsburgh Pittsburgh boasts 90 neighborhoods with Downtown at its heart. Learn More A Guide to Market Square Located in the heart of Downtown Pittsburgh, Market Square is a must-see for tourists and locals alike. Market Square is surrounded by shops and restaurants and boasts year-round activities in the center… Learn More More to Explore Pittsburgh Fall Festivals 2025 Guide Colorful foliage. Crisp air. Pumpkins. What's not to love about Fall? Learn More Pittsburgh With a Mix of Culture & Flavor Historically, Pittsburgh has always contributed to the fostering of Black cultural excellence. Learn More Black-owned Businesses in Pittsburgh Support Black-owned businesses in Pittsburgh. Learn More Make it a Weekend: A Pittsburgh Black-Owned Itinerary Support Black-owned Businesses, Explore Historic Neighborhoods and Celebrate Black Art Learn More Labor Day Weekend 2025 in Pittsburgh — The Ultimate Guide Your three-day weekend is right around the corner. Here is the ultimate guide for how to… Learn More Plan Your Trip with the new Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Start Planning Contact Us Privacy Blog About Us 120 Fifth Avenue Fifth Avenue Place Suite 2800 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 (412) 281-7711 Toll Free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 Visit Pittsburgh. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map