Pittsburgh Taco Festival 2025 | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 66 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Beyond Pittsburgh Transportation Group Tour Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Home Events & Festivals Food Festivals The Original Pittsburgh Taco Festival 2025 The Original Pittsburgh Taco Festival 2025 Plan your visit to The Original Pittsburgh Taco Festival with special details about local vendors, live music, and exciting activities. Pittsburgh Taco Festival Information Featured Experiences Pittsburgh is a foodie’s haven , and our taco scene is no exception. With freshly made corn tortilla shells and an abundance of flavorful fillings, this annual taco fest in Pittsburgh is the ultimate culinary adventure through Mexican cuisine. Stroll through an array of top-notch vendors, where the aroma of Mexican spices will beckon you into trying soul-comforting bites. Every year, the festival generates support for non-profit organizations that aid Pittsburgh’s Latin American community. Nestled in the Strip District , authenticity is at the core of The Original Pittsburgh Taco Festival, brimming with local food establishments, artisans, and musicians. The Original Pittsburgh Taco Festival Information Date September 6, 2025 Location The Original Pittsburgh Taco Festival will be held at The Stacks at 3 Crossings, which is located at 2875 Railroad Street . Admission General Admission - $17.20 Festival Fan Silver Package - $32.62 Taco Lover’s Gold Package - $53.47 Exclusive features of the event will vary depending on the type of admission. Register for tickets to The Original Pittsburgh Taco Festival here . The Original Pittsburgh Taco Festival Featured Experiences Indulge in a Variety of Mouthwatering Eats From classic dishes to modern twists, The Original Pittsburgh Taco Festival boasts an array of scrumptious offerings. Along with exceptional tacos, this festival sets a vibrant setting that’s perfect for enjoying empanadas, ice pops, pupusas, and arepas. Vegan and gluten-free options will also be available at different vendors. Indulge in decadent delights from eateries and food trucks such as Tocayo , Mi Empanada , and Vaya . Check the official website of The Original Pittsburgh Taco Festival for more details about each local business. Dive into Family-Friendly Activities Event-goers are encouraged to enjoy tacos and unforgettable fun with their little ones! From free face painting sessions to thrilling games, this taco festival has something for everyone. Don’t miss strolling through an art market with collections of eye-catching pieces. Revel in Mariachi Tunes & Salsa Dancing Lessons Tap your feet to infectious beats as mariachi performers cultivate a lively ambience during the festival. Elevate your taco-trying experience with a salsa dancing lesson and move through high-energy rhythms. Food Festivals Food and fun just go together and, in Pittsburgh, food is often the reason for the fun. Learn More Explore More Must-Try Pittsburgh Taco Spots There is no shortage of fantastic local spots to grab a tasty taco – or three – in Pittsburgh! We’ve… Details Pittsburgh Fall Festivals 2025 Guide Colorful foliage. Crisp air. Pumpkins. What's not to love about Fall? Details Latin-Owned Businesses in Pittsburgh Support Latin-Owned Businesses in Pittsburgh Details Plan Your Trip with the new Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Start Planning Contact Us Privacy Blog About Us 120 Fifth Avenue Fifth Avenue Place Suite 2800 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 (412) 281-7711 Toll Free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 Visit Pittsburgh. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map