1 
 
Local Service Tax Allocation Schedule for Professional Employer Organization 
Form Instructions 
 
This form is to be completed by the Professional Employer Organization and submitted on a 
quarterly basis with the Local Service Tax Return (LS-1). The PEO will list the number of 
employees for each client/subsidiary/company under the No. of Employees column and the 
amount that was remitted for all of the employees under Amount Remitted column for the 
quarter.  
 
This form can be broken down into two sections (which are listed below) and will be described 
in more detail. 
 
1. Professional Employer Organization Information Section. 
2. Professional Employer Organization’s Client/Subsidiary/Company Information. 
 
 
 
 
Section 1: The PEO will enter in the following information on the top portion of the form: 
 
1. EIN- Enter the 9-digit Federal Tax ID number provided by the IRS for the PEO Company. 
2. PEO Company Name- Enter the PEO Company Name. 
3. Tax Year- Enter the tax year for which you are filing. This must correspond with the tax 
return you are submitting. 
4. Quarter- Select the quarter for which you are submitting the allocation schedule form, 
e.g., 1st, 2nd, 3rd, or 4th quarter. 
5. PEO Company’s Address- Provide the address of your business location. 
6. Preparer’s Name- Enter the name of the person completing this form. 
7. Phone Number- Enter the phone number of the preparer.  
8. Email-Enter the email of the preparer. 
9. Preparer’s Signature - The preparer must sign this form certifying that all information 
provided is correct to the best of their knowledge. 
1. 
2
. 
3. 
5. 6. 
7
. 
8 
9 
4 2 
 
 
Section 2: The PEO will list their clients’ information in the appropriate columns: 
1. Client/Subsidiary/Company Name- The PEO will list the names of the companies’ in the 
first column. In the example above, the PEO listed the names of 4 companies.  
2. Client/Subsidiary/Company EIN- Enter the 9-digit Federal Tax ID number provided by 
the IRS for each of the companies. 
3. No. of Employees- The PEO will list the number of employees for each specific company.  
In the above example, Company 1 has 1 employee, Company 2 has 1 employee, 
Company 3 has 2 employees and Company 4 has 10 employees.  
4. Amount Remitted- Enter the total amount of tax remitted for the employee. In this 
example, Company 1 has remitted $1 for 1 employee for the 1st quarter of 2019. 
5. Contact Name- Enter the name of the company contact or legal representative. 
6. Street Address- Enter the company street address.  If a P.O. Box, provide the physical 
location address.  
7. Phone Number- Enter the company phone number and/or cell phone number. 
8. Email Address- Enter the company email address or legal representative’s email 
address. 
 
The Professional Employer Organization’s Client/Subsidiary/Company Information continues 
onto page 2 if the PEO is reporting more than 10 clients/companies/subsidiaries. If the PEO is 
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 
8 3 
 
filing for more than 26 clients/companies/subsidiaries, the PEO can complete and submit more 
than one Local Service Tax Allocation Schedule Form to account for all clients/companies/ 
subsidiaries. All allocation schedule forms must be submitted together with the Local Service 
Tax form.  
 
 
 
After the PEO completes the Local Service Tax Allocation Schedule form, they can complete 
their Local Service Tax Return. In this example, the PEO is filing the tax return for a total of 14 
employees from 4 different companies. The total No. of Employees is found on Line 13.  
 
 
4 
 
This total will be written on Line 1 of the 2019 1st quarter tax return. See example below.  
 
 
 
Next, the PEO will enter the total amount remitted from each employee and report this on line 
2 of the LS-1 Tax Form. The total amount due is found on Line 13 of the Local Service Tax 
Allocation Schedule form. 
 
 
 
The Total Amount Remitted will then be entered on the LS-1 2019 1st quarter return on Line 2. 
See example below. 
5 
 
 
 
The total amount of tax due is $54.00.  The tax return must be postmarked on or before the 
respective due date.  Any return received after its due date is subject to interest and penalty.   
The tax return as well as the Local Service Tax Allocation Schedule form shall be submitted 
together to the City of Pittsburgh. 
 
 
